Clicking live. A clicking live. You got to say it right. It's clicking live with a squeaky flow. We'll knock you down like a domino. A clicking live as a squeaky fellow. In rehab. They taught us how to sew. Now we're making sweaters like a season pro. What? Hey, what? What? What did I even say? Tik Tok time to rock. You were distracted. No, you didn't. You didn't. Tick tock time to rock. Good evening, good morning, good afternoon to everyone who's watching from all over the world. Hey, y'all heard of this uh y'all heard of this Tommy Robinson fellow? Yes. He is the only man left in the United Kingdom in what is now known as England. The only man left who has who still has a pair of testicles. The last they should make a that should be his next documentary title. The last two testicles in Great Britain. That's good. Wouldn't Wouldn't Wouldn't Would Would Would Would Would Would Would Would Would Wouldn't everyone have to watch that? The last something called the last two testicles in Great Britain. Yeah. The last testicles in Britain. The last The last English testicles. Yeah. So, you had like the last air bender, the last dragon, the last this, the last that and then you can have the last two testicles. Yeah. in Great Britain. Nice. We are guys, we are we are we are an unstoppable fire hose of good ideas, ladies and gentlemen. And so anyone who's uh working with Tommy Robinson, you make a documentary called Anything in the Ballpark of what we just put out. Uh Slam Dunk. Slam Dunk. 500 billion views on that thing. Billion with a B. Uh, shout out to Jack Ray for gifting five Apologetics Road Show memberships. Use them well, ladies and gentlemen. Use them well. Um, so guys, we uh we went through a little bit of Tommy's interview with PBD on the PBD podcast yesterday. We were pretty massively distracted. Well, one of us was pretty massively distracted the entire time by focusing on one of us. What was going on with Iran still going? Any any updates on that? Aping bigly. Uh as as we speak. Um so Israel is still uh since yesterday brutally targeting and brutally bombing uh carrying out surgical air strikes against Iranian u military and nuclear officials. has already taken out a high number of uh very significant high-ranking people in Iran um which Iran also officially confirmed including the head of the um IRGC um the head of the the head of the of of the Kuds force which is this um you know proxy force and all that as they were bombing today Iran yes they're all okay today Iran decided to respond and finally started firing missiles at uh at Israel. Oh yeah, I didn't I didn't get to read anything, but didn't they like hit Tel Aviv or something like that? Yeah, there um I think there were third wave so far. I'm not sure uh what the situation is right now if there's if there has been any more, but third wave so far and uh Iran has been actually targeting uh downtown Tel Aviv. So they're directly attacking the city. Um they have uh most missiles have been intercepted but some have um have struck Tel Aviv and for the first time ever actually Israel was expecting this. Uh honestly I didn't take it very very seriously but for the first time ever we actually have uh images of uh destruction of buildings and a street in Tel Aviv. So Iran is uh currently trying to do their best to lash out and uh and and cause some destruction in Tel Aviv. The comparison of course is that um when Israel strikes Iran, it's um these are surgical strikes, precision precision military targets and targeting their nuclear program. When Iran strikes back, they fire at the city. All of you. So far, I think only one person has been confirmed uh killed in Israel. Uh one person was critically injured and has been declared dead. Um then there is um dozens of people were injured in the West Bank apparently and maybe a dozen people injured in the inside Israel so far. But people are seeking shelter and Israel is telling everyone to um to to seek shelter and and all that. So to stay inside, everyone see how that works? Everyone see how that works? It's the opposite of what uh of what our jihadi friends do uh in Gaza, right? Say, "Hey, there are rockets coming in. Everyone seek shelter. And we were careful to build you. Many, many, many shelters and houses and buildings all have these shelters within them. There are panic rooms everywhere that are basically uh bomb-proof uh pan panic rooms all over the place. And in Gaza, they do the opposite. They build tunnels for the jihadis and everyone else has to stay uh stay on the they want they want people staying on the surface and so on so that they do get hit so that then they can say look at what the Jews are doing look oh my goodness they're attacking civilians interesting and then here you see it's in a completely it's a completely different situation but it's still hey we are doing precision attacks to take out uh threats against us and what's the response we will kill you Oh, we'll just kill as many Jews as possible. Uh, it's interesting they go after Tel Aviv because that's a pretty that's a pretty unislamic area. Yeah, pretty unislamic area. Very uh secular, very uh leftist liberal um and all that. And also uh basically ve very very few Muslims there. Um so yeah, so far only one person, one woman is confirmed uh is confirmed killed as a result of the attacks. The thing is also um I there there are images of uh Palestinians in the West Bank um going outside and cheering as missiles fly into Israel. Yeah. One there is a video of of one guy uh going out into the street and uh looking at this guy and cheering and then actually being run over by a car. I'm serious. Yeah, that's one of those ones where I don't know if they were taking that from somewhere else. Like when you I did see that one. Um, but it's one of the it's one of those where did you guys make did you guys take something from 5 years ago and use it in that clip or or can you say that is that is authentic? AP I think it's real. I think it's real. I think it is real. The thing is also what what Israel did is basically so Israel told the Israeli population, the ones inside the borders of Israel, uh seek shelter, stay inside, uh go to your safe rooms, go to shelters, go to underground uh things and so on. Do not go outside. And then um what they told the West Bank, what they told the people in the West Bank is basically uh West Bank that there is a an order to stay inside, not to get outside. And uh earlier I saw people were complaining about this like why is it why are they telling us to stay inside? How dare they command us to stay inside? Well, this is why right now the number of uh injuries in Israel is lower than the number of injuries in the West Bank because these guys have to be told to to stay inside. These guys have to be commanded to stay inside and to stay safe because they can't take care of their own safety. Trying to think what their gang symbol would be. There you go. How's that with pink? How's that for with pink? West with pink. West with pink. There you go. Um I don't know why I'm looking so dark. What happened to you? Or or I'm just so bright. Probably. All right. So, uh we're going to check out first. We're going to check out a little bit of this uh PBD interview. You ready? Yeah. So Tommy Robinson, I know that you're kind of a controversial figure in the UK, but I wanted to do this interview. So why don't you begin by telling me a little bit about yourself and where you grew up, guy? Where do I start? I grew up in a town called Luton. Yeah. So you've seen the changes that take place over the years. Grew up with Muslims. Never had a problem with Muslims. Yeah. But all the friends that I knew from Luton have now converted to radical Islam. So help me to understand this cuz I'm a businessman. This guy, Do you have any idea who this guy is? I I don't know. I don't know. I I saw it because Tommy actually shared it with with laughing. This guy this guy just makes a parody. Apparently that's what this dude does. Interviews come out and then he impersonates everybody uh in the interview. But this dude this dude's actually uh this dude's actually pretty funny. Check this out everyone. I like numbers. I like statistics. Guy, so help me to unpack this. How many friends do you actually have from Luton who actually converted to Islam? Guy. So he had this one lad. I used to go on Luton causing mischief with him. Yeah. What was his name? He's called Donald Duck. Donald Duck is from Luton. Donald Duck is from Lon, but he don't call himself anymore cuz he converted to radical Islam. Yeah. He's called Donald Abdullah Duck. He's from Lon. Donald Abdullah. Uh you missed Hey, you missed that AP. So uh uh we had Tommy Robinson explaining how his friend Donald Duck was from Luton but now he converted to Islam. And so he goes by Donald Abdullah Duck and Check this out down a little bit. How do you even know that? It's all annoying. Yeah, Rob, can you pull that up? I had no idea that Donald Duck was from Luden and converted to Islam. Don't know that. Can you pull that up? Okay, go up a little bit. Go down a little bit. It's funny. And guys, if you haven't seen the interview, this is what this is what uh this is what Patrick does. Can you Can you pull that up? Can he go down? Can he go Can he go a little more? Anyway, stop. There he is. And the second he's converted, he's put a fat one out against me. So, my life is now on the line. And you're telling me that there are a lot more people like that? There's thousands of them. Do you remember that little fell from the film Gremlins? Gizmo. He was born and raised in New. We was mates for more than 20 years. Now, he don't go by the name anymore. Goes by Muhammad Abby Gizmo. This is a pretty good impression, man. It is. The dude is it's all about the it's all about the cadence. But he said Gizmo now goes by Mohammed Abdu Gizmo. Mohammed Abdu Gizmo and he's one of the main leaders of jihad in the UK and he wants me dead. Ra put that up again. It's all online. I'm a journalist. I tried to expose him when he tried to hide the fact that he joined ISIS. And what you can't see in that picture because he's hiding it is he's got a hook for a hand. So he's essentially replaced the arrange terrorist Abu Hamza. Yeah. born and raised in Lon. So, here's the most Oh, man. So, uh Gizmo, oh boy. Muhammad Abdu Muhammad Abu Gizmo uh got a hook for a hand, but he's hiding it and he's uh replacing Abu Hamza. His question guy, why haven't the authorities done anything? DBD is holding a chest piece for no reason about that cuz they're scared. The number of clowns converting to radical Islam or in the thousands every year. the British public escapade, man. So, this is almost unbelievable to me. And I'm not even saying that. I just noticed the piece is changing. Not true, guy. I'm not saying that. Are you allowed to talk about your time in prison? So, on the first day I arrive, I've been prosecuted in Scotland Yard. Yeah. I've arrived in myself and a Muslim man, Abdul, come up to me and say, "Why are you here?" I says, "What do you mean?" I says, "I've just been prosecuted by Scotland Yard." He says, "But why are you here?" I says, "I don't know." He goes, "You're not supposed to be here." I said, "What do you mean? Muslim man. Could have known it from Lon. He says, "The judge don't even think you need to be here." Because I'm a journalist. I asked him for the documentation of it. And he shows me. He goes, "The judge thinks that what they done to you is unlawful." So I'm in solitary confinement. I'm sorry. This is funny. You don't think this is funny, man? Uh there one one screwed up because he's got them on the same side of the same side of the table here. I guess he didn't want to move his camera uh around, but um Oh boy. And then the chest pieces. Anyway, even though the judge don't even agree with it, man. Did anybody ever attack you when you came out of solitary? See what I'm saying? The chest piece keeps changing for no reason. Attack you when you came out of solitary confinement. After solitary confinement, I befriending these two Muslim lads. Yeah. Omar and Bashan. I could have known from Lon. Yeah. You've gone out to the yard. Yeah. These two white lads have come to us and said knock them both out. I said, "What do you want to do that for?" Yeah. They said because they ate Muslims. I said, "Why'd you ate Muslims?" Yeah. I could have known both of them from looting. Yeah. They said, "We thought you aided Muslims." I said, "I don't hate Muslims. I've got a problem with radical Islam." Yeah. Oh, boy. So, anyway, that's a nice little parody there. Nice little parody, ladies and gentlemen. Um, I have to say it was definitely funnier than uh than any of the recent SNL kiss that I've come across. It was pretty good. And the dude's That dude is uh the Yeah, I I'm not familiar with the dude, but apparently that's what he does. I'm going to check out some other stuff and see. I think I've seen I think I saw him doing something with Jordan Peterson. Um, but I don't know if it was him or someone else, but I remember someone was like, "Oh, this guy's doing a good impression of a Jordan Peterson interview." We'll check that out. I will definitely check that out. Ladies and gentlemen, I will take these first couple super chats and then we will go into Tommy Robinson. No, I made it too bright in it. talking about Andrew Tate, Sneo, saying some interesting things about Andrew Tate and Sneo. David, you've been humiliated. That's true. Which time? Uh, Silaria says, "Huzzah, it begins." Yes, it does. Uh, hey, I still have mine. Uh oh, I don't know what this is about. Hey, I still have mine. What do you think this is in reference to? I still have mine. That's weird when someone can post something from something we said a couple minutes ago and I will forget what it's about. That's weird. Uh, you've been intellectually molested. That's true. I've been intellectually alzed. Was thinking about the epic trailer park and had an idea for a sitcom about a Muslim family moving into a white trailer trash park and navigating through the new people and world around them. That would be good. Hey, if anyone wants to do that, we can even do it in my old trailer park from West Virginia. It's still there. I I don't think I know anybody there anymore because I'm sure uh it's completely different group. Hey, what the heck? You disgusting traitor? What? Do you like my new shirt? Did you make that monstrosity or did you do you like my new shirt, man? Did you make that monstrosity yourself or did someone else? Isn't it beautiful, mate? I'm a wingling about to end this live stream. Wingling. Winglings unite. It's time to take over. It's time to take over. Winglings are anyway. Yeah. So, did you make that or did someone else rudely make that? Bible thinker. What? Man, it's really It's literally It's literally Biblethinker.com shirt biblethinker.com. It's not even a real website, man. Pretty sure it is. I just typed in biblethinker.com and it came up somewhere. Winglinks. Now is our time to take over. This is the revolution. This is the wingling revolution. It's time to take over this live stream of this channel. There's nothing there. Ah, it's a crap fake website. That's how I know you're simply making fun of Wingalinks because I was about to end this live stream real quick. Real quick like uh pretty sure I ordered it from a from Mike Winger's uh merch store. I don't know why he's using defunct Bible or uh links. Uh but yeah. Oh wait, I think I typed in.com. Let me see. Biblethinker.org. [Music] Or winglings unite. Winglings of the world unite. It is some dork website here. It is a bunch of freaking Mike Winger crap, man. What the heck, man? Biblethinker.org. Who Who goes Who goes with.org and not do when.com is available? Oh, cool people, man. Hey, this is Hey, this is good. AP, I'm looking at the stuff you're advertising right now and one of the big sections right here that pops up is Catholicism refuted. Good to see AP funding the reputation of Catholicism. Let me see if there's anything refuting orthodoxy here. Eastern Orthodoxy of the Greek variety. If AP comes back butt naked, I will be happy that he has stripped himself of his wingling status, but I will not otherwise be happy. There we go. There we go. I apologize. I apologize to all uh Catholics. I shouldn't have done this. Well, you've got to do uh 180 uh Hail Marys as your penance. And you have to read the entire Quran. That's the ultimate penance. Hail Mary, full of grace. Let's see. Uh, as Christians, we pray for peace and the conversion of our persecutors. However, the Iranian Islamic government has murdered hundreds of its own innocent civilians. Those who live by the sword shall die by it. Have to say uh not sure because I'm not over there, but not sure when a good time for an uprising of the people would be. I hope this uh I hope at the end of this saga the people of Iran are free and we have a a newer, freer, better Iran. Planning on any new skits in the near future? I'm always planning skits. Don't have anything actually like officially prepared though. What about I want to say something very quickly. Um before you continue, I'm gonna let you finish. Um, so I just uh as I just put on my wingling shirt and flashed my wingling uh chest on here. Uh this is actually an idea that um a very very lovely uh subscriber and viewer of ours who is also frequently here came up with many months ago. I I actually ordered this shirt 5 months ago and it only arrived today. So I had to save it for today. That's how long it took to order a Mike Winger shirt. Um, wait. So, we're saying basically Mike Winger sucks at everything except except manipulating really really gullible people. Okay. looks like. However, uh this entire idea was brought to me uh by and I also very much did this just to uh put a smile on uh on the face of one of our subscribers who's uh who who is Michelle and um she's sometimes here. I don't know if she's here right now. Uh she goes by Michelle Anamat and um her she she is currently in a very very difficult uh health situation. She has been hospitalized and um you can find her on Instagram on Twitter. Um hey share a link man just share a link in you can share a link. You can share a link in the chat and people can follow her. I will do that. I'll do that. I'll sh I'll share I'll share her Instagram accounts as link here. So, here is her uh Instagram account. I just put it in the in the chat. Uh so, she actually uh asked me to do this whole wingling prank and I I I wanted to do it. She's currently in a very very difficult situation. She's um she she had a I think at some point in her life she had a spinal injury and is now uh paralyzed I think from the spine down. And um but she's a very cheerful, a very loving, a wonderful um very encouraging Christian woman. And I have to say um on my path of becoming Christian myself. I have been um you know encouraged and um motivated and impacted by different people by different Christians who were very very influential and very good along the way. And she was one of one of those people actually because I have I've seen um how she despite uh having received such injuries and being paralyzed how she is such a happy such a wonderful such a kind person. Uh right now as we speak she's um she's in a very bad situation. She shared her photos um online, but doesn't talk very much about it, but she uh like um in just within the last several months, she lost too much weight to support her own body. Uh right now, I think she's like 95 lbs or something like that. And um photos of her look like she's completely starving. The hospital is trying to keep her alive. Uh but it's very difficult. I think they're trying to um insert a feeding tube and all that. Um, so she's in a difficult situation. I asked her if I if there's anything I can do for her and um if I can help her in any way and all she said to me was I just ask that you pray for me and pray for my family and all that. So I want to um just ask everybody to uh pray for her to keep her in your prayers and um I don't know maybe contact her wish her all the best see that she uh hope and wish that she gets better soon and so on. Um I haven't set up a a a a donation thing. I'm uh I'm still thinking about it. Uh still thinking about doing this in a different way, but at this point I'm just asking everybody to pray for her and uh I just shared her shared her link in the chat. Go and check out her profile. Wish you all the best, Michelle. Yeah, everyone say hi to uh say hi to Michelle. Be sure to pray for her. Uh Mark says, "What about speaker's corner Bob's coonas?" Yeah, there are there are we exaggerated. There are some additional kahonas. Uh Bob from Speakers Corner. Um Chris Chris Speakers Corner. Young Bob Sig David. Um bunch of bunch of young guys over a bunch of young guys over there too. It's pretty awesome. Pretty awesome. Let's see. Uh seems like Israel really aluted the regime. Yeah. And that's uh that's what's crazy. You'll have these you'll have these guys Oh. Oh, we hit Tel Aviv and damaged the building and we killed one person. Like they took out your entire nuclear program and your the leaders the leaders of your military like in one in one in one swoop, man. One little swoop. And now you're oh, we'll start raining down bombs on the Okay, what do you think they're going to do in response? I don't know. Maybe it's just me, but the Iranian supreme mullah does not look Persian. He looks like a US Midwesterner or like Santa Claus. Kind of weird, you think? I was just saying that about some of these um some of these uh what do they call them? Pywood. Paliwood videos. I'm like, half the kids look whiter than me. What's going on there? The whitest kids I've ever seen in my life. Uh speculation time. Do you believe that the son or grandson of the deposed Sha is plotting to return to Iran? What would it take? Military coup? Uh yeah, and you have tons of people there who want him to return and they believe that is the step forward to the free Iran. Yep. He should return. Iran should be free. Free free Iran. Not sure exactly how that would work because the military is uh controlled by the mullers, but the people are massively massively against the current regime. So, have to see what happens. But, uh, that would do it if the military basically switched sides and said, "You know what? We see the writing on the wall. We're switching sides." Oh my goodness. He also made a call to to people uh to the Iranian people to stand up and to uh he also made a call to the to the Iranian army to say uh um see what is happening and stop following the orders of the of the of the Ayatollah and so on. So, we'll see. Based based based base. Oh my goodness, this guy is fantastic. Yeah. talking about that uh impersonator that is no or me. Um pair character. It's a super sticker. Thank you for that. Here we have Mrs. Ali Dawa um using her whiteboard to post tragic in it. In inshallah, let there soon be peace between Jews and Hindus in the Middle Earth. Good. Dr. Wood, I've still got mine. Oh yeah, Dr. Wood, I've still got mine. Regards, coonas. That's good. That's good. Uh, wing nuts unite. Wing nuts of wing nuts of the world unite. Iran has been militarily molested and humiliated and eluted. AP, you need to wash your hair, brother. What? What are you talking about? He's got a He's got a hat on, man. Yeah. Quit telling people what to do. Dwood, it's time for you to join us. Be a Chad. Be a wingling. Y'all do that if I ever lose any concept of dignity. Uh, it's it's real. It's some Mike Winger crap. I know. That's what's that's what's messed up. I thought it was just I thought AP designed his own stupid shirt just to just to be funny and yet turns out. Anyway, yo, AP and Dwood, would you ever have a discussion with Asmin Gold about Israel and Palestine, possibly sharing interesting stuff about Islam as well? What are your thoughts? I would be happy to do that. Yeah, I would be happy to as well. So yeah, if you want to I generally don't go around contacting people unless I have a really really important reason, but if you want to suggest it to him, then you can get the ball rolling. Long time Mr. Stress, did you guys see the fight between Jackson Hle and Jake Shields today on Twitter? It is hilarious. No, I didn't. But this is one of the things you'll have the guys who you'll have all the various guys who hate Jews and they're you they're normally united on hating Jews but then but they actually can take different sides on an issue like Iran or something else on the Sunni Shia split. So some of them are favoring the Sunnis, some of them favor the Shia, some of them don't know and so they just go with with whatever idiot they're following is uh is saying. But what is what is this fight about AP? Did you follow it? It was something really stupid. It's just just two mentally uh disabled people having a fight about uh um Jax and Hinkle said something about how Hitler and Netanyahu are the same. And then uh Jake Shields came in and was like, "What are you saying? Hitler actually stood up to these demons." Talking about Jews, of course. And then uh Jackson is like, "No, he was a Zionist." It's like two of the dumbest people fighting. Well, that's the uh that's the that's what that's what's amazing. It's like we've seen it we've seen these uh alliances these at least ideological temporary alliances just break down like when when uh when the Sunnis took over took over Syria, we saw a huge breakdown from people who you had people who um who wanted the the Assad regime to remain in control and then you had people who were rooting for the Sunnis to take over and so on. And so these things can break down really really quickly. My six-year-old son was watching the news and came running to me saying, "Israel's destroying the bad guys." Proud dad moment right there. That is some high quality high quality parenting. Israel's destroying the bad guys. Now, if he comes in next time and he says they've intellectual Israel is intellectually and physically aloting the bad guys, then you know you have you are the greatest dad of all time. Has AP been to a Trek convention yet? Yeah, that that's a requirement for ordering the shirt. You have to go to at least five Star Trek conventions afterwards. It's it's it's in the contract. Yeah. AP Quran rap to apostate music, please. God bless. We'll do. Wants a Quran rap. Working on it. Let's see. David David is coping hard. Israel didn't even have the balls to raise a red flag of revenge yet. Iran won. The iOS is no longer operational. Alhamdulillah. That's true. Oh, you he said Iowa. Uh uh my absolute favorite part from Israeli military history is Operation Mole Cricket 19. Look it up on Wikipedia and see the enemy loses. If you want to check that out, operation molec my favorite one is where they uh where they uh landed they landed the plane on the airfield and went and uh took back all their hostages. That was crazy from Ediamin. That was insane precision, man. And then just I mean just in the past year we got the pagers the pagers and then them taking out Iran's entire nuclear program in like 5 seconds. So Operation M cricket 19 uh part of the 1982 Lebanon war um Israel against Syria air forces. Um the battle lasted about 2 hours and involved innovative tactics and technology. By the end of the day, the IIAF had destroyed 29 to of of 30 uh SAM batteries deployed in the Bear Valley and shot down 82 to 86 enemy aircraft and there were like 100 deployed I think um with minimal losses of its own casualties and losses. Uh Israel had only two fighter jets damaged and one UAV shot down. They however took down 82 to 86 of the Syrian planes and destroyed the entire air defense of Syria. Brutal man. The closer you go back to Israel forming as a nation uh shortly after World War II, the more even things were. Mhm. But what what continued to happen over and over again was Israel would have some brilliant tactic or strategy that if you actually wrote it down, they would like there's no way this is going to work, man. It's like mission impossible type stuff. And yet it would just keep working. And as they kept winning, the power imbalance increased to where now they're way better tacticians than their enemies who are, oh, well, this priest will love to destroy them. Um, they're way better tacticians and and way more powerful at the same time. So guys, your your chance your chance for conquering Israel has disappeared. Give it up. Give it up and make peace. That's what you need to do. messed up. Mike Winger. Mike Winger calls a hot dog a sandwich. He probably does. He like, "Hey, can we have some hot dog sandwiches?" What's a hot dog? Is bacon wrapped karan kuran wrap? Yeah, you can call that. Yeah, you can call it that. All right. It's also known as crap. All right, ladies and gentlemen, we have two sections, two sections of the PBD podcast we want to watch. The first one he mentions Andrew Tate in this section, but this first one he's explaining the situation with the BBC Panorama. So Panorama was there. Whenever I look it up, it says the flagship docu investigative journalism documentary program of the BPC meant to get to the truth. The truth. and Tommy just exposed them so hard that the the main face of it all uh had to get had to get fired over it because of how they're handling it because he was so he was so insanely massively deceptive. But it's in that context. It's in that context and this was something that was bothering us last year. all the stuff about Tate is coming out and it sounded like Tommy was we I'd have to go back and check it out, but it sounded like Tommy was saying, "Ah, look, they're they're doing to Tate what they did to me." And we're we've been following we've been following the uh Tate case for the past several years and we're thinking, what do you what do you what do you mean? There's big difference between you Tommy and Andrew is Andrew said he was doing this stuff all along. Andrew bragged about doing this stuff. Andrew put together an entire online course on how to do exactly what he's accused of doing. So, how are you just how are you thinking? No, this is just being made up about him because the government and journalists hate him and so on. But this clip that we're about to actually watch, this gives the background which I mentioned yesterday, namely that Tommy has experienced this. People just like powerful politicians and journalists and so on just making up stuff and trying to frame him for stuff in order to discredit him. So when he hears Andrew Tate, he hears about Andrew Tate and oh, I'm being set up. I'm being set up. They're framing me the Matrix. He's thinking, oh, of course that happened. That happened to me. So I know that happens. That is a thing. whereas, you know, other people like, "Come on, they're not doing that stuff." So, from Tommy's perspective. Yeah. Yeah. Whereas, uh, so we're going to look at that clip and then we're going to see we're going to see um some more in a in a follow-up clip from later in the discussion where Tommy is uh pointing out that people like Sneo and Andrew Tate, he's not familiar with some of the others like, but you he could say the same thing about Lily Jay and so on. It's basically places like Qatar uh and Saudi Arabia are showering influencers with money to get them to uh promote Islam and he's calling him out for this stuff. So anyway, let's check out let's check out uh Tommy's experience with BBC Panorama. And I remember all of this I actually followed this story. I actually followed this story back when it was happening. I think it was like 5 years ago when I you know I spoke about they give me 13 months in prison for reporting outside a court case. When I come out of court at that time when I got released from prison I was told I got my computer I I logged into my computer two of my old employees who work for me. One of them was still logged into the emails. So I went through the emails. We have a organization in the United Kingdom called Hope Not Hate. Is it Media Matters? Media Matters. Yes. that they're the leftwing. That is the equivalent in the UK of hope, not hate. Got it. So, hope Okay. So, Media Matters, if you post something that disagrees with the far-left on some issue, Media Matters will investigate, find out that you're completely wrong, that you're lying, you're deceptive, and then that you're evil, and then put you on some sort of hate list or something like that. And he's pointing out that the British equivalent to that is hope, not hate. It's interesting. It's like hope not hate and you they're like why are the groups that are called like hope not hate always like the most deranged hatefilled groups on the planet trying to destroy everyone who disagrees with them. It's weird stuff anyway but because that's what they do. That's what they do. That's some Orwell stuff. You see George Soros funding their job. You don't need laws to prohibit free speech because these organizations who receive millions of pounds, anyone who speaks out with any influence or education or anything, they find out where they work. They contact their HR departments. They stifle free speech by attacking, smearing, and lying. I come out of jail. Got that everyone? Cuz I'm saying that because I've heard of hope not hate before, but uh I didn't know exactly what they were. And so this is good to know. And it's good to know how what they do. So if someone if a random let's say British uh you know, British person who works at the office and so on, uh says somewhere like on social media or something, actually Tommy Robinson is right. Hope not Hate is the group that will go in there and start like contacting the employer. Look, your your employee is spreading hate. How can this and then get the person uh fired, blacklisted, the person can't work again. And that sends a powerful message. Do not ever do not ever do what the establishment tells you not to do. Don't get out of line. And so they're basically the muscle for an extreme an extremist ideology. I turn the laptop on. I'm still logged into one of my employees emails. I start going through his emails and I start looking back. Maybe I shouldn't have. I'll find out he's in contact with Hope M8. So I'm looking thinking he's employed by me and he wasn't just employed by me. He was working with Alex Jones. He was working with Lawrence Southern. He was working with so many people in the right. Everyone in the right he was working with. And then I looked at the times and dates and he's they're paying for his travel. They're sending him money. Think what's going on here? So I I r him up. Are you you hearing how how messed up this is? Yeah, guys, that just in case you missed that because some people are some people, you know, are discussing things in the chat. If you just missed it, he gets locked up. He gets locked up. He goes to prison. This was for the thing that happened like five or six years ago when he was reporting on the grooming gangs case and they said you can't and he he did it anyway. And then they they gave him 13 months, which by the way is insane. If you wanted to fine him or something like that, that would be one thing. Sending someone to prison. I pointed out before, I've never seen anyone I I spent years in prison. And I never saw anyone in prison for any of the any of the things that Tommy Robinson just has gone to prison for in the past several years. Um but anyway, he's in prison and he gets out and he he goes to uh to his laptop that and one of his employees was still logged into it and stuff like that and he sees all these me this guy's going back and forth with hope not hate. And wait, this is this is a guy who's working for Tommy, working for Alex Jones, working for a bunch of different groups, doing everything he can. and his looks and hope not hate is paying all his expenses to go around to all these places and do all these things. Like, wait a minute. This guy's a spy. I've got a I've got a spy working for me. This is this is crazy stuff. What, guys? Think about that. What's that mean? It means that Hope Not Hate is sending people, hiring people. Hey, you're going to infiltrate this organization, become a worker for Tommy Robinson, and you're going to you're going to find all the dirt for us, and then we're going to use the dirt that you find to blast him. So, this is this is hope, not hate. This is their methodology. But Tommy actually, this is what cracks me up. Tommy kept Tommy keeps winning these situations. Anyway, but and I find out then that Panorama, you heard of Panorama? Panorama is the BBC's flagship documentary maker. So they are seen in the UK as the most authentic investigative documentary makers. What they say is factual. Yeah. I see that Panorama are working on a piece about against me. So I w and I I then make a documentary and in this documentary what what they're doing against me. I send a girl wearing a hidden camera. So Panorama are known for covert surveillance. They investigate and they exposed him. He reversed it. So I sent a girl to wear a covert camera into Panorama. So they Panorama, they were doing a documentary on Tommy. They never released it because Tommy reversed it and he investigated them as they were doing it. So he sent a woman pretending to be a whistleblower against Tommy. She's going to help them expose how evil Tommy is and they're like going to shower her with money and everything else. um in order to uh in order to get her to go against Tommy and so on. Tommy finds out that what they're doing and he sends so he sends the woman to them to have the discussion and discuss the plan. What's the plan for getting Tommy and so on, but he's recording the entire thing. Anyway, this is actually this is this is legend status just by itself. This is Legend status. Anyway, he brought down a he brought down a an entire guy's career who was like considered one of the greats uh in uh in journalism over there. Brought him down and showed what a what a despicable scumbag this guy is. Had a panorama. His name was John Sweeney. This man was the biggest face of the BBC. Yeah. He's he's he's um he goes in. I send the girl in and I get her wearing a wire and I get him on camera saying that they're going to make me into a sexual figure. They're going to make me Harvey Weinstein. Yeah. So, they're going around all my old employees. Anyone I fell out with, this is how it works. This is the operation. So, anyone I fell out with, anyone who had contact with me from when I was a child, this group will contact him. But the BBC don't contact them. Instep hope not hate. instep an organization who can sit down and pay you. I'll give you £20,000. Yeah. Then they pay them £20,000. They tell them what they need to say. They then bring in Panorama whose hands are clean. Yeah. They sit down. They use this source of information. They make a documentary talking about me and then they show it to the world. And then they have Everyone get this? So if the BBC if the BBC were caught paying people to say certain things, then the BBC would be in trouble. So what happens is there are other groups that if they if the BBC wants to make this big expose on Tommy Robinson, these other groups who are working with the BBC, these other groups will go in there. Hey, we want you to say this. Hey, here's 20,000 pounds to say this and so on. Want you to say that, want you to find this and say this. And then if and then the BBC puts this stuff in the documentary. But if someone says, "Oh, come on. They made this stuff up." If it ever gets exposed, hey, this stuff was made up. Well, the BBC didn't do it. We didn't do it. Someone else did it. So, their so their hands are clean. This is evil stuff, guys. This is such a messed up world, man. This is extremely And by the way, this I mean, I'm I'm playing this because this ties in directly. Look at what Tommy just said about Harvey Weinstein said, "Hey, they're trying to do that to me. They're trying to make me look like I'm doing all this stuff behind the scenes and now I'm in trouble." Why? Because that was a popular thing five or six years ago when they were doing this, right? That was the that was the that was the Me Too movement and so on. This was a this was a good time for that. Um, but think about this because he doesn't talk about Harvey Weinstein, but if you asked him, "Is Harvey Weinstein guilty or innocent?" He'd probably say, "I don't know." Because on the one hand, you had all these women accusing him. But on the other hand, I have experienced firsthand that they will go after someone. Same thing with same thing with Andrew Tate. Tommy, uh, do is Andrew Tate guilty? Probably. I don't know. Because on the one hand, you've got Andrew Tate and he's saying all these things. You got all these women saying, "Yeah, he did those things." But I do know from personal experience that they will set somebody up. And so I think that's kind of why that's what's messed up. When you actually conspire to get someone, it's like they're going to start thinking, "Oh, well, if they did that to me, they may be do probably doing that to other people and stuff. So who knows who knows what to believe about any of this stuff." Source after source after source. But what you don't get to see is that those sources are being paid. So, I sent a covert I got covert recordings of this man, John Sweeny. I get him sitting down saying, "Right, what I want you to say, it doesn't realize it on camera. What I want you to say, tell me this. Tell me this. Tell me this. Do we have a deal?" Yeah. Then the girl, so I send an ex employee in, they contact an ex employee who didn't like me cuz I sacked her. She comes to me, says, "It's sick what they're about to do to you. I've got to tell you, she hated me." Yeah. She says, "Not you. You getting this?" cuz she's she's the one in the interview, but she hates him. She hates him. She hates Tommy, but she's like, "Look, I hate you, but what they're about to do to you and what they're trying to get me to this is really really messed up." And so, she actually she actually tells him. So, hats off to her for having integrity. This isn't right. What are they going to do to you? And I [ __ ] myself. And the reason they've done this, the government when I come out of jail, government, the government paid research was going on to social media, Facebook, to find out people's opinions on me. Now, the reason being that 600,000 British people signed a petition demanding my release from prison. This is 2017 when I'm in jail for reporting outside the court case. 30,000 people marched on parliament. These sort of numbers aren't thinkable for in the UK. It's worrying for the government. So, they're working then on this documentary to take me down. I then say to the girl, "Right, okay." So, they're contacting you. She doesn't like me. She could have sat down and lied to them about anything. They would have broadcast it. Yeah. So, I said, "Okay, can we put a camera on you? Let's go to them. You tell them about an argument we've had. Yeah, we did have an argument. It was about a demonstration. It's about Muhammad hijab. It's nothing about sex or anything. And she goes to him and says, "Right, I've got a recording on Tommy Romson. He's really aggressive and he's shouting at me." And then she says, "But I was screaming at him." And she starts saying, "It was my fault." And he says, "Don't worry, we'll clip all those bits out." He doesn't really lose. You guys getting it? So she had recorded. So, this is keep in this is separate from this is separate from this is separate from like what he's gonna he's going to have her involved in like going to these people saying uh hey, here's what they they basically fake a text message to uh uh to to expose this guy. But she actually had a recording of a huge argument between her and Tommy. And she's saying, "Yeah, so Tommy's really nasty and really mean in this uh argument and saying all kinds of mean things, but I'm, you know, I'm doing it, too. I'm saying horrible things. Don't worry. We'll cut out all the clips of you being mean." And we'll just we'll just show what a what an absolute scumbag he is. This is BBC, guys. This is I don't even know what to do. When when when journalists, not just some weird journalist, but like the main street is this absolutely corrupt and sick. This is bad, guys. This is bad. He's on camera. He goes, "We're going to make this into a sexual thing against Tommy Robinson." That's what he says on camera. Yeah. So, I'm sitting there getting all this. She comes back and what I did, now they're the best investigations in the world. So, I sit and get a laptop with this girl who doesn't like me. I said, "Well, I'm at home in bed." Yeah. She goes on the on the computer and she looks up send a fake text.com. So she sends herself a text message that looks like it's from me saying if you work with Panorama I'm going to bury you [ __ ] So we're sitting together. I said see I haven't sent this text message. I'm in bed guys getting all this. So um you can go to there's a site that you can go to to send a fake text. So in other words you would get a text on your phone that looks like it's from me. it will sell sent from sent from David Wood and stuff like that and then you'll have that on your phone and then you go look what this monster sent to me and so on. So she actually sends a text to herself from a website from this website from supposedly from Tommy Robinson. Tommy Robinson knows what's going on, right? He knows what's going on. He wants to show how how how these guys aren't serious investigious in their investigation. They're looking for anything. And if you come to them, look, and even if it's from a fake website and so on, they'll still just they'll still just run with it. And so she types, "If you work with Panorama, I will end you." And goes and shows it to him. Look, look what they look what he said. And they're ready to they're ready to roll with this. But it was all a setup. It was all a setup. It was They're trying to set up It reminds me of uh It reminds me of the Quran when it's they schemed against Allah, but Allah is the best of schemers. Tommy's the best of plotters here, man. Tommy's the best of plotters. You got the entire BBC plotting against Tommy and Tommy does exactly what they're trying to do to him and uses it to expose them. So there's awesome plot. But he plots but Tommy's the best of plotters. He's the best of plotters. He's way better than the BBC. Amateurs, man. Amateur. Let's see if they even check if this is legit. So she does this message. Send us send a fake text.com. John Sweeney. They're trying to contact me cuz they've been working on all this dirt they've got on me. So you see the stu what you're seeing here. So what I do is I go and set up a studio like this. I put a camera on the wall. I put a screen on the wall and I only give them a day's notice. I said, "Right, I'll meet you. It has to be on my grounds. Meet me here." And my heart's like this. I'm ter cuz Panorama are going to finish me. They're about to tell the whole country I'm a sex case. They're about to tell the whole country all these things about me. And I then he sits down. But what what what we find out in this that my two old employees are being blackmailed. So I ring my old employees who are working with Hope Not Hate. I ring them and say, "Cale, I've got someone inside Hope not Hate. I know you met them on this date at this time, but I'm blacking them. I've got it from the emails. I know you met them." He's like, "Tommy, they've been blackmailing us for for the last year. How are they blackmailing you?" When we lost our job with Rebel Media, we were so annoyed with Rebel Media that we went to these groups. We took money off them to give information on the right wing. Yeah. I said, "Okay." And they they're going to expose that we we've done this. They've got evidence we've done this. So then they forced us. We've got to help take you down. And they threatened us with the police. Um all these different things. Politicians. Now Hope Not Hate. The head of Hope Not Hate are politicians. Hope not Hate are the deep state. You want to see the deep state? It's Hope Not Hate. So I've done two documentaries. Yeah. This is why they hate me. So the panorama I think they're taking me down. I then get all this recorded information on them. Hey guys. Uh so the setting Tommy wants Tommy I mean this is this is this is brilliant. So Panorama John Sweeney of Panorama. He wants the face of Panorama. He he's trying to get an interview with Tommy because he's he's been working with his people who are basically setting Tommy up. doesn't realize the one woman actually comes to him and says, "Yeah, I I can't stand you, but what they're about to do to you is massively screwed up." And then he finds out that two of his workers are working for Hope Not Hate, but they're being blackmailed by Hope Not Hate because they got ticked off by something with Rebel Media and stuff and went to Hope Not Hate and then Hope Not Hate gave them money and then Hope Not Hate's like, "Aha, we will expose you for taking money for us to do what we say unless you help us take out Tommy Robinson." This is this is how these this is what's going on over there, right? This is what's going on to take out Tom. So any of you any of you who are like Tommy's an evil guy, where are you getting that from? From the BBC, you giant idiots. You I mean he he he completely he completely exposed what they've been doing. So the way he sets it up is John Sweeney wants an interview with him so he can sort of blast Tommy with all this stuff that he's all this dirt that he's found, right? He doesn't know Tommy knows about all of it and that people are telling Tommy what's been going on. So Tommy says, "Well, you have to do it on in my location. You have to come to me and this is the only time you can come and you can come interview me here." Tommy puts a big screen on the wall and he's recording the entire time. Why? Because Tommy been Tommy has recordings of this guy has recordings of this guy. He had he had put a camera on the woman when when John Sweeny's telling this woman what she's going to have to say and so on. So Tommy had the recordings. You come to me and then he gets to show everyone while while everyone is watching gets to show everyone what this dude was doing. Pause. Dude lost his job over this. Why sit down for an interview? They sit down for Panorama with Caleb, my old employee. He does an interview. Present in the interview with Panorama that we pay for BBC are hope not hate. Hope not hate. when he doesn't say enough negative stuff about me, they take him outside and they say, "You better go in there and say this. You better go in there and say that." So when I sit down with John Sweeney from Panorama and this is all on this documentary, I sit down and say, "Whose documentary is this? Is it BBC's?" He says, "Yeah." I said, "So's yours." So it's nothing to do with any organization. Only other because Pan Hope are named by the Swedish government as a far-left extremist organization. George Zorus funds them. They're a radical group, but they have establishment power. Yeah. They're used by the establishment to destroy people. They do. The media, the media can't offer you money. The police can't. They can't ent trap you. They do it. They're the group that comes in and does it. So then John Sweeney sits down and I said, "Would you ever um who's working on this?" He said, "Us." I said, "So this is not a Hope not Nate Hate documentary." He says, "No." So I then have messages. I said, "Really? That's not what they say here." And I said, "Look on the screen, John." I said, "John, would you ever tell anyone what to say in a documentary? Would you do that? You didn't do that. Yeah. I said, "Would you ever do that?" And he says, "No." I said, "I just said, "Press play." And all their produ all the BBC's producers are sat there. Now, I've done loads of this video live. It's all on there. It's all on there. You got to see it. So, guys, uh this wasn't just Tommy sitting down with John Sweeney. The BBC producers are are there sitting down. They want to They want to see everything firsthand to see what's going on with this interview with Tommy Robinson. And Tommy asked John Sweeney, "Hey, would you ever when you're doing when you're doing your investigative journalism and so on, would you tell someone what to say? Would you tell No, I would never do this." Hit play. That's why he had the screen on the wall. He's got video of this dude doing all the stuff that he said he would that he tells his producers he would never do. So, the guy's a lying evil scumbag working with a bunch of other lying evil scumbags and a bunch of organizations that are just there to crush anyone who gets out of line. And they don't care what the they don't care what they have to do to do it. Um, keep in mind, guys, this is insane. All the I mean, they keep sending this guy to prison. Why? Because there is in this situation a massive conspiracy against him to silence him. This is crazy. I'm normally the guy who's like, "Come on, it's not a conspiracy. You just got a bunch of idiots and stuff doing stupid stuff. You don't need this big conspiracy. I'm normally the guy who's like, "Come on, it's not a conspiracy." But here, definitely definitely definitely conspiracy. Um, one second. I did want to read one thing. Um, AP Paul says, uh, keeps asking, "Did you see the Jake Shields awesome Jew discussion?" I didn't, but I pointed it out. I didn't see it either, but uh I did message Awesome Jew saying, "Hey, I think I need to review your interview." I didn't say it quite in these words. I said it in some worse words, but I do need to look at that and uh I'll check it out. I'll check it out. I didn't see it yet. I only saw a like uh one minute of it or so. Uh you might want to check it out because uh we could always we could always uh we could always watch some of it tomorrow and you can check and see if the uh the awesome Jew wants to join us for the discussion. I'm saying that because uh Jake Shields and all this stuff's going on right now. A matter of fact, Tommy uh Tommy also brings up Dan Bilzerian on here and stuff. And anyway, lots of stuff going on. And with the situation in Iran, all the all the key players, the usual suspects are going to be running their mouths quite a bit. So, we might need to cover this stuff. They all put their heads in their hands. All the producers know when you do a documentary. Oh, hang on. Let me back up a little bit. So, he's saying when John Sweeney says, "No, I would never do that." Tommy plays it and he says, "All the producers just put their heads in their hands when they realize, oh my goodness, he just lied." No. So I then have messages. I said, "Really? That's not what they say here." And I said, "Look on the screen, John." I said, "John, would you ever tell anyone what to say in a documentary? Would you do that?" You didn't do that. I said, "Would you ever do that?" And he says, "No." I said, "I just said, "Press play." And all their produ all the BBC's producers are sat there. Now, I've done loads of this video live. It's all on there. It's all on there. You got to see it cuz they all put their heads in their hands. All the producers know when you do a documentary. No, this was the What? What minute is it on? Um, this is it. This is me and him talking now. So, this is the bit where you hear them. They're saying they're blackmailing them. See the hand on the head? Play that bit. This finished them. That's their producer. You got it. Look at that. See the producers back there? Oh my goodness. We are screwed. We are screwed. John Sweeney tried to set up Tommy and Tommy reversed Uno reversed it and set him up like Sky one mainstream media thing. Um and then I went back to London to drop something off uh to go. So Kayn was left for I mean they snuck into his room as well. This is the deepest maddest stuff. They snuck in his into his room when he was asleep. Hope not hate. It's all in this documentary. They got him into a position sexual as he he's gay that my ex employee. Yeah, they But it's all in here. The recording is all in here. Just you guys hear this. It's easy to miss what what just has happened there. So Tommy's playing a clip from a guy who's saying that he's been told he's been ordered to say this stuff. Tommy says why the guy's been forced to say this stuff. Hope not hate gets him in a compromising position with another man because the guy's gay. But it's he's it's it's he's not p whatever he's doing. It's not public. And hey, we will expose what you just did with this guy if you do not say about Tommy Robinson. What we want you to say. These are the trust. These are the trusted organizations that are controlling what British people here in the UK. Guess what? They're still there, guys. They're still He exposed He exposed how sick and evil these people are years ago. put out an entire documentary about it and people are still going to the same exact sources of information. We can't trust Tommy. He's an evil liar cuz we cuz we say it. It's bad stuff, man. Man, now I've done so many documentaries over the years with the mainstream media. You usually just have the presenter and someone else. When I've done this one, all the producers were there, but they had no idea what I had on them. So, I said, "Would you tell anyone what to say?" And he said, "No." I said, "Press play." And then it's a recording of him covertly. And all of them just go like this and they and they're sitting now before I once I got this information I got so much that this exposed them so bad panorama. Yeah. Where can I hope and look you see those bits there? What I did is played I played the be listen to this. Answer any questions like that if you want. So it's a yes or no. It's just it's a simple yes or no. Simply look we're wasting time. Okay. We must ensure we avoid bias or an imbalance of views. Our output will be based on fairness, openness and straight dealing. Contributors will be treated honestly and with respect. Guidelines everything you think you know. Do you know we hear about fake news? Donald Trump spoke about fake news. I nailed them. Yeah. But what happened from this? When I was first exposed, remember I used a fake name when I started the fence league because I was scared with my family. There was a journalist called Steven Bird for the Times newspaper. He uncovered me on the front page of the Times newspaper. I kept in a relationship with him. So when I got all this, I contacted him. I said, "Mate, I have got a panorama making up allegations. I've got them covertly recorded on everything." Yeah. He come to see me. I played it to him. He said, "Mate, this is massive." I said, "Yeah, John Sweeney, they're [ __ ] They're in trouble here. Big trouble." He went, he said, "Let me go see my eders." He come back next day. He said to me, "I'm not allowed to run it." So, what do you mean you're not allowed to run it? So, I'm not allowed to run it. I said you're meant to be a journalist. How can you not? You guys, you guys catching this? So, he gets all the dirt on BBC, Panorama, Hope Not Hate, what all how all these guys are conspiring to destroy people by lying about them, blackmailing people, paying people to lie. He gets it all like just knock down proof. He goes to a journalist's friend that he's known for years. Hey, I've got the story of all stories. The story that will expose the BBC and Hope Not Hate and what all these guys are really doing. And his friend, oh, this is going to be awesome. It's going to be and his friend goes to uh to the producers. Hey, look what we got here. And then his friend comes back and says, I'm not allowed to I'm not allowed to say anything about it. That's how deep this stuff goes in the UK. be allowed to run the biggest breaking story that exposes the BBC there's ever been. How can you not? So, he weren't allowed to run it. I then hired the biggest screen in the country. I played this documentary outside their the BBC on a 50 me on the biggest screen. I put it online within 24 hours. It had 2 million views. What year is this? This 18. I was deleted 24 hours later. Facebook removed me. YouTube removed me. I was deleted from every single social media. and the attorney general prosecuted me for the crime I'd already been released from prison for. I got straight I went straight back to jail. And when everyone catch this, everyone catch this because this is and I I'm saying because I was I was targeted because of that as well. Now, not not anywhere in the in the ballpark of what Tommy was, but I'm saying I can verify what he just said because uh well, I'll I'll just go and tell So what he just what he just pointed out was um he catches the BBC. Turns out rep journalists are not allowed to talk about it. Wait, what are you talking about? We we we are showing massive corruption in our media. Wouldn't you as a serious journalist want to expose all this? Guess what? You're not allowed. You're not allowed to expose it. Other other news sources are not allowed to expose the BBC for what they've done. You will be destroyed. They will destroy your life. They will fire you and destroy your life if you do that. All right. So what does he do? He does it himself. He posted on social media. What happens? He gets banned across social media instantly. Why powerful people are going to these social media companies and saying, "Uh, ban this guy. Silence this guy. They're calling in all kinds of favors or turning up the heat on the on these guys." Anyway, this was back this was back then. Uh me and Robert Spencer did a live stream that was just all we did was cover the the arrest of Tommy. All we did was cover the arrest. That got taken down as hate speech. And it's there's nothing there's nothing. We never said I mean I've said way way way meaner things in tons of videos than I said in this. It was just us watching what Tommy did outside the courthouse. He's just sitting there uh he's sitting there like reading a BBC article into and he's live on like Facebook from his phone and he's uh quoting a BBC article and stuff like that. and police show up and arrest him and we're just commenting going, "Wow, this is weird." And then people are defending it and they're saying, "Ah, but there's a there's a gag order." So during the six months trial, no one's allowed to report on the trial. And it's just like they're obviously trying to make sure that people don't hear about what's going on with the grooming gangs. Like obviously they're they're they're they're silencing they're they're they're keeping reporters from reporting on the grooming gang scandals, right? They're they're making they're making it illegal to report on these grooming gang trials, right? And so Robert and I are just pointing out how insane this is from an American perspective. If in America, if you're concerned that reporters reporting on something is going to somehow influence the jury or something like, you question the jury. You make it so the jury does not does not hear about this stuff. You don't stop reporters from reporting on it. In the UK, they stop reporters from talking about it, but it's clear that they're abusing that system to keep people because they want to silence people about the grooming gangs. Well, Tommy is the only one who said, you know, I'm going to report on this stuff anyway. He's not giving any he's not giving any information. He's not giving any details of the trial. Uh he's he's quoting stuff that was already in the public already publicly available, which wasn't against the law. And so, here's the thing. Um, every time I would get accused of hate speech by YouTube and so on, I would win that. I would win that through I would win that through the appeals and so on. Um, so I would win all of those. It was annoying because sometimes it would take two, three, four, five, six weeks to argue back and forth, but I would eventually prove there's nothing in here that is that meet that is what you said. This one I never won. This is the one I never won. I never won. No matter how many times I went back and forth or how many times it was obvious to them that I didn't do anything in here, all I did was report on Tommy Robinson being arrested and they said, "Uh, hate speech, this is taken down and so on." So, the point is they cracked down on everyone who was even informing people on what was going on with Tommy Robinson. And this is I mean this is like YouTube and so on, but YouTube, Facebook, everyone, they were all they were all part of this. They were all part of this crackdown on Tommy Robinson, which is insane. So, it's not just the BBC. It's not just all the other media uh organizations that aren't allowed to comment on it. You and America aren't allowed to comment on it. Not on like YouTube or something like that or Twitter back then or Facebook cuz they would shut you down there. So, you've got the This is This is sick evil deep stuff. And again, I'm the guy who normally is like, "Come on, get out of here with your stupid conspiracy theory there. This is a massive conspiracy. Massive massive massive. And it's sick and evil." and think what like what's the goal? You got to silence this guy. You gotta silence this guy from exposing the grooming gangs. And guys, in in the rest of this interview, we're not watching it all. We're just watching a couple parts. But in the rest of the interview, he makes it clear why. You've got all these uh all these politicians and so on, and they rely on the votes of Muslim groups. It's the only way they can get elect. It's the only way they can get elected. So, they need the Muslim votes. And so they can't be rocking the boat with the grooming gang scandals or they're not going to get the votes. But after you've done that for a while, after you've silenced people about the grooming gangs, guess what? Your hands are dirty. Your hands are dirty. And Tommy is going, "Hey, we're going to expose everyone who's involved." Well, guess what? That's all the politicians. That's all the police. That's journalists. Everyone's in on everyone's in on silencing this stuff for polit for political agenda. And so they can't let you because we all think, well, why why wouldn't people want this exposed? Why wouldn't people want this exposed? By the time Tommy's exposing it, all these politicians have dirty hands and they've been covering stuff up for years. And if he exposes the whole situation, they get exposed, too. They're done. They're done. So, what do they do? Got to silence this guy. Otherwise, we're all screwed. Sick stuff, man. Sick, sick stuff. They done that, you know, to stop this film. What Facebook did is made my mention of my name illegal. So Mike, you can't even you can't say you can't share any content from Tommy Robinson. You can't mention the name of Tommy Robinson. Now all of this was in response to this film. Now again, I got I got a hate speech strike for mentioning Tommy in a video. There's nothing in there where we said where we said anything that would come anywhere close to violating a a YouTube rule. It was clear I was just not allowed to talk about Tommy. That was that was why they came at me. This film went out. That's that's us showing it. This film went out. You have to watch that film to understand is the biggest expose the BBC's ever faced. And their response to it was to end me again. Yeah. But they were they thought that their documentary that they had created with fake news was going to end me. And I spun it and produced it and ended his and as I'm talking to him, we have a big argument. I say you're about to ruin my life. And is that in the It's all in there. Rob, can you go to that part? So you'll see. Yeah. What minute would it be in? Uh so get play the film again. Fast forward. Keep going. Keep going. They're the covert recordings of him lying. I got him being racist, homophobic, talking about shooting gays. The head of the BBC. I got it nailed on everything. He was saying he was saying really messed up stuff. He he was just he was he he he was using slurs about gay people. I didn't know what they meant. I had to look them up and I had to find out there are different British uh slurs against gay people. But this is really like what? [ __ ] was one of them. He was calling a guy a [ __ ] I didn't know what a [ __ ] was. Um, so I had to look it up. But that, yeah, it's a derogatory British term for a gay man and so on. But this guy's just this just this guy's just saying stuff that, you know, he would never say what he really thinks about all these issues and behind the scenes. Behind the scenes. H Yeah. Anyway, this got him fired. This all got him fired. Think they accused us of is them. Do you know the comments he made about working class? You know, so you understand the working class. He said, "We heard about someone being working class." He said, "We wanted to go visit this work in the green room in the BBC. There was someone who was working class." You know, like you'd go and see an animal in the Mongolian um des Mongolian jungle or something like that. He said, "That's how they view us. That's the comments he made." And the guy's t Tommy gets him recorded and the guy's saying uh the guy is saying uh yeah when I yeah I heard someone's working class. I want to go look at him like a animal in a zoo. This this is this is this is the the the face of the BBC Panorama. They're investigative journalists. They pulled me from Huh? You should. Yeah. I need to watch that documentary. I've never seen it. I've heard of it. a long time ago, but I haven't seen it. I need to watch it. Yeah, we should uh Hey, we should get Tommy with us and then just watch the entire thing and uh and discuss it with Tommy. Uh because apparently people still people it hasn't sunk in for people and uh all the forces at work against Tommy and his friends and so on and allies, they've still been successful. Looks like it looks like things are turning a corner right here with uh Elon. Elon uh helping him out a bit and stuff like this. It looks like Tommy's starting to win now, but they were able to shut him down several years ago and then just lock him up again. Scumbag Irish background as in poor cuz my mom's Irish and poor. This is the way they view us. You see, they call him scumbag Irish background. This nailed it. But if you keep going, you'll see at the end when I get up. Look. Wow. But this that's the and you know the fake text. So send a fake text.com when I'm when he when we're going through all this he kept going for his pocket and I'm I'm playing I said no hold on one more thing. Let's see what he's saying here. So I'm playing I said would you ever be racist John? No. Press play. Homophobic John. Press play. This John press play. And everything. And then at the end he go he he gets out of his pocket and he says yeah Tommy you said you said you'd bury her. I just looked at the camera and said, "I told you. I told you that." Everyone So Tommy starts questioning this dude. Everything this dude says he would never do, Tommy has secret recordings of the guy doing exactly what he said he'd never do. So Tommy exposes him right in front of all of his producers. And I remember cuz I watch this. And after Tommy just like destroys this guy and like ends his credibility while he's being recorded and in front of his producers, the guy goes back to the fake text that Tommy knew was being sent and was that Tommy uh Tommy's friend had sent from a website where you can fake text from someone. Uh and it's, hey, if you work with Panorama, I'll end you. And at the end, that's what the guy had on Tommy. Oh yeah, Tommy. Well, you got this. H the case cracker. The case cracker. You sent this text to a woman to silence her and it was all fake. It was all fake. That was that was what he had on Tommy. This is evil, man. This is evil stuff. Check it cuz it suited their narrative. So they say like yourself, if I say I want to make a hit documentary on you, this is what the BBC do. That's what they do on everyone. You've seen the whole I don't know what to believe in any of the cases. So when they go Andrew Tate, when they go to these people, here we go. That's why I played this, guys, cuz this is how it all tied together as far as Tommy saying. Yeah, I can believe I can believe. Keep in mind, guys, to be clear, we do not believe Andrew was set up. Doesn't sound like Tommy believes that anymore. But as of like last year, it sounded like Tommy thought Andrew was set up for stuff. Why? He'd been through that. He'd been through this for years. And so if he hears Andrew Tate going, I've been settled up by the Matrix. Tommy's going, I know exactly what that's like. But um so anyway, here's him on to on uh bringing Andrew Tate into the discussion. documentary on you. This is what the BBC do. That's what they do on everyone. You've seen the whole I don't know what to believe in any of the cases. So when they go Andrew Tate, when they go all these different people, they'll go through every single person you've ever fell out with. Now, how many of those people will be willing to make stuff up, especially if you give them a 20 grand check? Yeah. So this is hope not hate working with ease. I produced a BBC documentary in Isra. John Tazy would give me the right to reply to which I would say it's fake. But the fake allegation that I threatened to murder my ex-female employee would effectively be aired to millions of people across the world. And I'm certain every national newspaper would run with the headline, "Tommy Robinson threatens to kill female employee." I wanted to prove, and I've just proved how easy it is for fake news to be created and for people to be targeted and their lives destroyed. You have been harmed. Is this a piece of deception? My solicitor is Korean. Very good. Maring a court injunction against you. Okay. So, is this a lie? This is This is This is fake news exposed. Very good. Okay, guys. What? He's bringing up the text message that was fake that Tommy actually has it recorded. He has the woman recording herself making a fake text from him. But that's all this guy has on Tommy at this point after Tommy just like destroyed his career. This guy knows his career is destroyed. So he's like, "Well, I'm going to bring down Tommy with me and show you that he's a really bad guy and all he has is fake on his side." I suggest is a lie. I never sent this. I never sent that message from this phone. This is my sent from that phone. It wasn't sent from the phone. I didn't send it. Oh, hold on. It wasn't sent from the phone. I didn't send it. Is this a lie? You'll be able to catch all my You'll be able to catch all my documents. No, we haven't finished our No, we have finished. In fact, in fact, John, you finished your career. You finished your career. Tommy's telling him, "Your career is done." Guess what? It was. I mean, I'm sure he works somewhere else now and stuff, but he lost his job with the BBC. Homophobia. I'm not a homophobic is a lie. What is that? Listen to me. What? This is the scripture. What happened? They put him on garden and leave for 9 months and then he was gone. And then they tried to let bury it. No, remember this documentary. Not one single British media reported on it. They put him on garden leave. He was the head of the head of the face of the BBC. Nine months later they sack him. And then when they sacked him, he come out and said Tommy Robert. He made it. He said it was all because of me. Tommy, his career's gone. He's gone. Yeah. Interesting. Isn't that screwed up, dude? Why are you silenced? Yep. Yep. Yep. Uh I'm I'm checking it out right now. Um after leaving the BBC, uh he tried different things. He started a podcast which didn't really take off. Sweeney has been writing for the B line times. Uh and then it also says uh later on political career in 2024 Sweeney was announced as the liberal democrat candidate for certain cold field. He was defeated uh and he only earned 5% of the votes. I mean think anyone anyone wants to take that guy down ever. All you have to do is play clips of what he was saying and he's he's been recorded saying. Um that's apart from him being an evil lying scumbag who tries to set people up and so on and get them to say certain things to bring people down. Um that's scary stuff, man. And I I just I have to say as far as Tommy winning all that, what was coming at him? I mean, you've got the BBC and the producers and the main guy at the BBC for Panodrama, um, and Hope Not Hate, the entire British government, the all the journalists, all the social media, and they're all willing to pay people, blackmail people, and so on to destroy Tommy. and he he flips it, wrecks their documentary and destroys the career of the guy who was uh organizing this and you look at how it happened and it's hey I got I got out and I opened my laptop and another guy been using my laptop and he hadn't logged out of his email and I saw his emails and so I know what's going on and then this woman who hates me. I mean, she hates me. She realizes how messed up these guys are. So, she actually is like, "Hey, even though I hate you, they should not be doing this to you." And then these other guys who are uh who are being blackmailed into going at him, he gets them to say what's going all this stuff that's like I mean, what are the odds that all this stuff happened? But all this was necessary for him to win and destroy this guy. This looks like this looks like divine intervention to me, man. to this looks like the Almighty having his back on this one because that was there were too many coincidences there for him that were required for him to win against these guys. And so awesome stuff, but that is that should be terrifying to people in Britain knowing that that's what they will do. And for what? For exposing the grooming gangs. And you've got the government whose hands are dirty because they helped not wanting not wanting to be exposed and they will destroy anyone who's going to expose them. Sick stuff. Sick sick stuff. Very sick stuff, man. Very very sick. Very very very sick stuff. Yeah. So I want to play all that so people know what's going on. Uh we'll take a couple super chats and then we're going to watch. It's a shorter clip. It's a shorter clip, but it's him talking about Schneo, Andrew Tate, Dan Bilzerian, and how these guys are uh apparently probably most likely uh getting paid for all this stuff. Getting all David and AP, prove it. We can't We don't have the proof. Prove it. Come on, man. Prove it. AP's bookshelf equals Interstellar Library. Yep. That's what it is, man. It's intergalactic. Intergalactic planetary. I'm 40 minutes late. Bummer. Also, hi to you both. How's it going? Your favorite m Winger is the kind of guy to say hello. Is anyone there? In a haunted house. Yes. Why'd he be the first one to go at the beginning of the movie? You're on a plane and there are only three free seats in one in between Mike Winger and Lily Jay, one in between Andrew Tate and PBD, and one in between Pierce Morgan and Dave Smith. Which seat are you pick? Oh, Tate and PBD. In a heartbeat. In a heartbeat. Uh, Pierce Morgan, Dave, I would say I would take uh Mike Winger and Lily J. My two favorite. AP still got jokes. AP's still in prank mode. Haha. Everyone, everyone cheer for AP. Haha. He's being a funny prankster. Just here to tease AP for not being baptized. Very rude. People are laughing at you. No matter how hard he tries. No matter how hard he tries, he just can't get baptized. Welcome to AP Land. Rude. Rude. The The cat human struggle is real, folks. The cat human struggle is real. Uh, why do you guys hate Mike Winger so much? Don't get me started. I have to do a whole live stream. No, to be fair, uh, I'm not allowed to hate my enemies. I have to love them anyway. Um, but as we see, as we know, um, you do have to call out, uh, evil. You have to. And it's not unloving to call out and expose terrible, awful evil. I I love Mike Winger. I think uh he's one of the best. Yes, I love Mike Winger because I'm commanded to love my enemies, but that doesn't mean he doesn't need to be exposed and humiliated. I will say that part of the problem is that the BBC's government run and the British people have relatively limited local options as a result. Great Britain is totally screwed up. They need to they need to get rid of the BBC and end that alliance between if that's what they do. If that's how they roll, you need to get you need to get rid of it. There should not be they Yeah, that should not be under the government. Uh everything else Tommy is saying is pure cope. He literally obstructed the course of justice. No, he I Are you joking here or the country of Prince Andrew? Grooming gangs. I literally have a LLB in law from Coventry Union, British Union. I still can't tell if you're being serious. There's no obstruction. What kind of nonsense are you talking? They targeted a guy because of his you and they What do they keep doing to the guy? What do they keep doing to the guy? Oh, you read a B you read a BBC article while live. Oh, see 13 months in prison. So, and then Oh, wait. I just want to point out uh along these same lines, he got back he got back to the UK. This is this is what he's about to go on trial for. Um they said, you know, Tommy, uh we because of this uh terrorism this terrorism law, we can actually order you to give us your uh your your phone PIN number so we can look through your phone on this terrorism law. And he's like, what? I'm not a terrorist. Yeah, we know we're not, but we're just using that so that we can order you to give your PIN over. He's about to go to prison for that, guys. He wouldn't give his PIN. Why? Cuz he's got all the all the all the people he's in contact with and discussions and all this texts and stuff were all on his phone. They're like, give us that. Give us that. So, we know everyone you've been talking to. Give us that. He's like, no. Like, well, guess what? You're going to go to prison. This is what this is what he's dealing with. Is is David Alfas here like defending this? That's great. That's great. It's a great system. What are you saying, AP? I'm not giving him my number. Um, well, no, I was just going to share um updates so far on the strikes that are happening. Uh, Iranian strikes in retaliation. Uh, so far the number of people injured is 71 inside uh, Israel and the Palestinian territories. And, uh, the number of dead people is the same. only one woman died as a result of the Iranian uh strikes. On the other hand, hang on, hang on, hang on. Wasn't Wasn't that the same last time? Like one person was killed, but it was like a Palestinian. Yeah, but this time it's an Israeli woman. Uh on the other hand, uh the Israeli strikes are still going on. Uh so far 90 deaths are reported in Iran. uh 329 injured and very very many high-profile figures assassinated and more and more places taken out. I think 60% of uh of um significant places of of of nuclear enrichment have been taken out and so on. Israel is doing a brutal job. This is an interesting situation. This is uh so Iran is completely outmatched and outbrained in this situation, but they can't sit back and do nothing. They can't sit back and do nothing. So they have to oh we will launch all our rockets. Guess what? You're going to lose that. What's what's the solution? Don't start it. Don't start. Don't start this with don't start a battle you can't win. Are you stupid? Are you stupid? And keep in mind the longer Iran and they know here's the thing. Iran knows this. The Iranian leaders know this. They know what. They know what. They know if we keep launching these rockets over at Israel. They're going to keep blasting us, they're going to take out more and more leaders until our entire leadership is gone and the people take over. But we can't not send the rockets cuz then we just look weak and Yep. So they are screwed and they put themselves in this situation. And now Iranian regime, you are screwed. If you stop the if you stop the retaliation, you're screwed because you look weak. And then everyone's going to see that you look weak and they're going to take over. The people are going to take over because you look weak. Uh or if you don't and you you you show that you're strong, we feel very strong. We'll launch rockets at them. Mr. Then they're going to keep blasting away and they're going to take out your entire leadership. in which case the people are going to take over. Either way, you guys are screwed and you put yourselves in this situation. That's what they do. That's what they do, Marvin. Susan says, "I wish we had Mexican immigration." Oh, that's Tommy Robinson said that when when he was asked Yeah. when he was asked if he was uh a racist and so on. Um and he's talking about but yeah it's it's at some point he was talking about um people going over people crossing over in the United States um crossing the border and so on and he's like I wish we had Mexican immigration. He's pointing out that you know a bunch of these groups they're hard workers like they come and they work and he's pointing out the difference with Islam. It's we're not going to immigrate and we're gonna leech off the system and things and so but anyway he says I wish we had Mexican immigration. Are Americans aware the real danger to the US is is Islam? Trump is going hard in Los Angeles. They're not aware of anything at all. Yeah. I don't uh we're certainly better off than the UK, but um America people's and we I would say people understand Islam a little better here, but not much as far as government. And so if you don't pay your Jiza, you're a super poofa. Uh, right-wing controlled opposition talk TV on YouTube has new our gang news to drip info out as if to prove Tommy Robinson wrong. Seven men out of hundreds plate the public. So, Talk TV on YouTube has new. Um, oh, Grooming Gang News to drip info out as if to prove Tommy Robinson wrong. Yeah, not familiar with that. Let's see. Check the way Wikipedia frames John Sweeny's career ending. Just lies upon lies. You want to look that up, AP? Were you on the Wikipedia site? Were you on Wikipedia when you looked up John Sweeney? Wasn't on there yet? What does it say about why his career ended? Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. I got Oh. Oh, he says it here. Ivory says he just ceased working for the BBC in 2019. Right. Is that what it says? He ceased working. Like, dude, dude, you went after Tommy and lost bigly. You went after Tommy Robinson and you lost bigly and were humiliated. That's why your career. Well, it does say uh it has a section about Tommy Robinson. On 23rd February 19th, 2019, about 4,000 people protested outside BBC offices in Manchester against one of Sweeny's planned panorama episodes on on the activist Tommy Robinson, who also led the protest. During the rally, undercover filming of Sweden obtained from a supporter of Robinson was shown on a large screen. In the film, Sweden is heard making a number of remarks which were described by the activist as being racist, which were described by the activist as being racist, homophobic, and anti-working class. Sweeney also made derogatory remarks about the BBC, ordered a large amount of alcoholic drinks, which he claimed were being paid for with his expenses. I remember that. So, this is guys, this is all when he's interviewing the woman that had come to Tommy saying, "Hey, they're trying to set you up, man. I hate you, but they're trying to set you up and this is messed up." So, Tommy says, "Okay, I'm gonna put a camera on you." And she goes in there and she's recording everything and it's really messed up because you get an idea of this guy's methodology. He keeps ordering more and more drinks. Hey, don't worry. Don't worry, don't worry. This is all being paid for by the BBC. Trying to get her drunk. And you just think, okay, is this the first time this guy does this? Um, no. Guys, think about the guy's MO because you you see it in the documentary. His MO is, "Let's find someone who's enraged at a guy I'm targeting and let me just give more and more alcohol until the person is spilling everything and and going along with anything I suggest." That's sick evil stuff. That's a BBC, guys. The BBC. Furthermore, it says uh and he also called the former IRA leader Martin Mcinness one of his political heroes. Sweeney later apologized for the remarks. The BBC stated that any program we broadcast will adhere to the BBC's strict editorial guidelines and that work on the Panorama program would continue. The NJUJ, NUJ stands for National Union of Journalists, condemned what they described as the intimidation of BBC staff and journalists. Panorama issued a statement apologizing on Sweeny's behalf for his offensive and inappropriate comments. The Panorama episode in Robinson was never shown on the BBC. On October 20th, 2019, Sweeney announced via Twitter that he would be leaving the BBC after 17 years, calling founder of the EDL, Tommy Robinson, a complete cu n after supposedly being fired because of Tommy Robinson's documentary pan drama and the protest outside Manchester, right? That's that's quite fair, you know. I fought Tommy. Tommy won. I fought Tommy. Tommy won. How how crazy is it that this guy I mean he actually has the entire government and all the media and then back then social media coming after him and he's winning man winning. He's winning. So Tommy busted them for this. How many others have been destroyed in like manner? That is the question. Tommy actually had I mean Tommy's got hidden cameras and everything like that. He had the ability to expose them and he did and showed how evil they are. That's the question. How many people have they done this to who couldn't stop them? Who couldn't expose them? I remember when Sweeney was exposing Scientology for doing the sort of thing he did to Tommy. Oh, like blackmailing and digging up dirt. Yeah. Theory. If old Rushy found out about Alz and Dalby included it in his book, he wouldn't have lasted as long as he has. Yeah, he needs to write a follow-up with the the story of Alz. They'll have the satanic verses and then I'll just call it alut. There is evidence of David Wood and Mike Winger breaking bread as fellow Christians. Press play. Press play. Yeah. And there's evidence of Yutsak Rabbine breaking bread with Yaser Arafat. So I guess I guess they're best friends, everyone. I guess everyone's best friends. Well, to be fair, there's also evidence that uh David Wood and Mike Winger are the same person. So, you know, yeah, AP, we've been working together for many years, but you know, there are certain lines that shouldn't be crossed ever. Uh Morgan. Oh, they make you happy. Nice. Yes. Fan pity. Uh, apparently we'll preach tomorrow or something. I keep hearing mention of winglings. I'll take buffalo sauce, please. Yep. Uh, super Soaker baptisms are where it's at. I can make about 50 new converts in just a few minutes. What the heck is that? That would be if like we dealt with baptisms the way the Dawa guys deal with marriages. You know what I mean? Remember Muhammad, let's do a marriage in 60 seconds. 10 seconds. You can do it in 10 seconds for a McDonald's meal and then you can bang and just divorce her. What is a super soaker? You know what a super soaker is, man? No. It's a really powerful squirt gun. We used to We used to have like like the weak little squirt guns where you pull the trigger and stuff. They come up with a super soaker which has a tank of water on it and you like pump it up for the air pressure and you just blast people and those things will shoot like 30, 40, 50 feet. Pump up the jam. Uh, what happened with Mike Winger? I can't find fault with him. Gentlemen, if you're joking, let me know here. You can't find fault with Mike Winger. Mike Winger. He's Mike Winger. Oh, and I I can't find any fault with Satan either. Satan's really cool based guy. What's wrong with you? Uh, I hope the Iranian people will be free of this sadistic, twisted, fanatic, and pure evil regime soon. Free. Free Iran. free free Iran. We do and I I've I said this uh a while back that you know in the west especially the United States of America we have this mentality of uh oh you've got this evil nation. Well why is it evil? Because of the leader. Just get rid of the leader and then freedom and democracy will flourish because that's what people want. Freedom and democracy. We think that everyone in the world is just like us and they're not. And it's like having civilizational civilization destroying consequences that people can't get rid of this idea that everyone is just like us that everyone wants the same things we want. So what do we what do we do? We say hey get rid of the evil the evil the evil leaders like Assad like Saddam Hussein like uh Gaddafi get rid of these evil guys and then freedom and democracy will flourish because the people want freedom and democracy. What what happens? We say, "Oh, let's uh let's get rid of Saddam and let's put a put a nice freedom and democracy loving government in place." And what happens? You you they fall apart and you get ISIS. Why? Because there were enough people there who didn't want freedom and democracy. They wanted something else and they would actually take over. And so we keep making this mistake. And so I look at places in the Middle East and I'm like, you need to be careful messing around with stuff cuz keep in mind we got rid of Saddam. Then what do you get? You got something worse than Saddam. Saddam, evil dictator, evil scumbag dictator. But he was keeping the jihadis under control. He kept the jihadis under control. You get rid of Saddam. Okay. Now, now the guy who was keeping the jihadis under control isn't there anymore. And you're replacing him with someone that the jihadis are not scared of. And what happens? ISIS. Um, so you need to be careful. I have to say the one place I look at and say, "Yep, there are there are enough people there who want freedom and democracy that it could actually work, Iran. In Iran, there seem to be enough people who want freedom and democracy where getting rid of the evil the evil dictator might actually work there. With that said, I think the people need to do it themselves. In other words, people need to take over the government themselves because if the United States or Israel someone does it does it for them, keep in mind, Israel can weaken the government and that would help the people. But if Israel actually took over the government, handed over, you would always be the government that was uh you know, put in place by Israel and you'd always have uh you'd always that would always be thrown in your face. So anyway, uh Iran by the way uh made an announcement just earlier uh saying that um so they they uh they allegedly informed the be the CNN that um they will strike any country that uh is found aiding Israel um in what is happening right now or any country that is defending Israel will be struck by them as well. Hey, which is of course a ridiculously stupid thing to say and everybody knows that this is complete nonsense because um first off the number one country that aids Israel in the region right now is the United States of America have the balls to strike America. I dare you. I freaking dare you. And then there are other countries which they will never even touch. So they like to bluff a lot. They talk a lot and it's just hilarious, right? Oh no, AP, what are we going to do? We're in the United States and Iran is going to get us. Iran is coming to get us. We're so scared. Um Apollos here says, "I'm paying you to shout out my event on modern day debate." Um I just pulled this up. It looks like it looks like the one that is tomorrow. Debate. This is on modern day debate scheduled for 8:00 p.m. Eastern time tomorrow. That's a really crap time, man, because me and AP will be live during that time. But guys, you might be more interested in the debate. So, this is uh atheism or Christianity. Which is true? H the false dichotomy. There could be others. Uh, Craig versus Apollos. That's a beautiful idea. Let's Let's just Let's tell everybody to not watch our live stream and to go watch that instead. Everyone, don't watch our live stream tomorrow. Go watch Modern Day Debate, who deliberately scheduled his debate, Craig versus Apollos at the same time as our live stream in order to get viewers away from us. Sick evil stuff. This is like BBC level evil right here, man. It's messed up, man. It's the most evil stuff I've ever heard. Modern Day Debate. James from Modern Day Debates trying to zoot us. He's trying to elute our channels with this. Tommy Robinson said a news blackout. The drip drip proves it. I still don't know what the drip stuff means. The drip means uh Oh, yeah. As far as as far as the news a news blackout. Yeah, that does help prove so. Israel does a global service in ridding the world of a nuclear threat by a maniacal dictator. And yet, no. And yet, not one thanks will be given. Oh, will it be from us? Um, never forget the BBC, Jimmy Savville, Southport cover-ups either. Anyone believing anything coming out of the BBC nowadays needs to see a doctor. Yeah, people just need to never watch it again until there is no reason to keep it going and it can be replaced by something that doesn't absolutely 100% gradea suck. Because that's what it does now. It sucks. All right, AP, are you ready to watch this uh shorter clip where he talks where he talks about Sneo? He actually accuses Sneo actually accuses Sneo of being a bit of a poofa. I don't think you should be using that word, man. I don't know. Is that like normal? I don't know. Yeah, it's like the blood clot thing. I don't know if it Well, now I know that you're not supposed to say blood clot. Um, but for a while I didn't know. I thought it was acceptable because I saw it in March for Death. All right, here we go, ladies and gentlemen. So, back to Tommy on the PBD podcast and our good friend Tommy is going to be talking about he's going to be talking about Sneo. He's going to be talking about Andrew Tate. He's going to be talking about Qatar. He's going to be talking about Dan Bilzerian, AP's hero. And let's see what happens. And now what are you what do you believe in? Are you a Christian? Are you a Jew? What would you say? Do you believe in God? Uh yeah, I'm a Christian. He a Christian now, ain't it? Yeah. And it's I wish he I wish they just gone into a little more detail. A little more detail because they only they only say it for a couple seconds. And Tommy says Well, we'll watch. I just want to go back and repeat that part. But Tommy says something like he used to not believe and so on and then he's realized something. But they don't go in enough detail. I hope he unpacks that more in a discussion at some point because I made a video when he came out wearing a rosary when he came out of prison wearing a rosary. I made a video did he again I always thought he was like an atheist or an agnostic based on things that he said and he came out wearing a rosary. So I was like did he convert? And then um and then Tusi posted Tusi who knows him posted a video and he said that Tommy officially converted to Christianity in prison. So I heard that from Tusi, but I didn't hear that from Tommy himself. But here's Tommy saying he's a Christian. Anyway, back that up a little bit. Let's hear that again. And now what are you what do you believe in? Are you a Christian or are you a Jew? What would you say? Do you believe in God? Uh yeah, I'm a Christian. You're a Christian? I'm a Christian. Yeah. I've been pushed more. So I used to say that I didn't believe My mom was a Catholic. You catch that? Said he used to say he didn't believe. That's what I recall. I just didn't remember any official position. So anyway, going to back it up again, guys, cuz anyway, this may clear things up for people. And now, what are you what do you believe in? Are you a Christian? Are you a Jew? What would you say? Do you believe in God? Uh, yeah. I'm a Christian. You're a Christian? I'm a Christian. Yeah. I I've been pushed more. So I used to say that I didn't believe my mom was a Catholic brought up but then as I've seen the attacks on Christianity and I've also seen the decay in British society and the the fall of Britain has come from the fall of belief. We have since we've stopped believing and what built Great Britain Christianity. What built everything about us everything about our nation that everyone wants to come to it and make it a success was built on Christianity. Since that's descended, since it's been coming under attack, since people have left it, it's left a void. And that void's being filled. And if we want to understand and remember who we are, you know, as part of our identity, I say to some people, even if you don't believe in Christianity, you don't have to believe in Jesus. That's what built us as a nation. That that must be protected. That's part of our identity. But when it comes to the whole the Israel and Jew things, I think Qatar, if you look at Qatar, this is interesting. he switches to uh basically the forces that are trying to undermine things and replace them with Islam and he goes into um he goes into Qar as far as that point he's making. Now, this is interesting because you like Carl Benjamin, we just saw, he calls himself an agnostic. So, he doesn't really believe, but he's saying in effect, um, I'm still going to go to church and so on because it's like it's it's almost like it's responsible citizenship. It's And when Tommy, here's the thing. It's like when people are saying, "Hey, we need to go back to Christianity." Is it like just a practical thing? Okay, I don't really believe this stuff, but I understand it's important for people to believe and this is the only thing that can actually stand against the combined forces of Islam and communism and all the other all the other crazy stuff that's going on in society. We need something strong. And if we're all divided up and arguing with each other about, you know, Christianity and atheism and this stuff, we're weakening ourselves and we're basically paving the way for other things to come and conquer us. which is why all these groups want us arguing over all these things constantly and so on cuz it uh it weakens the fabric of society and so on. So you have some people who are thinking along the lines of in order to save our society yeah we need to turn to Christianity and it's not hey I actually believe that Jesus Christ is Lord and he died on the cross for sins and rose from the dead. It's here's something that our society needs and so on. So Carl Carl Benjamin, he he was along the lines of like again it's like a responsible citizen needs to go to church and bring your family there and um uh make sure that your kids are around this when they're growing up and so that it doesn't seem weird like it does to the people who are raised, you know, in the atheist generation. U and so the question is like what does Tommy mean there? Um I don't know. He came out wearing a rosary and so on. So it it does he like actually believe in Christianity or because what he just said it sounds like a practical thing like a pragmatic thing like this is what our society needs to avoid falling apart. But guess what that that can also lead you to believing like huh you know I didn't believe in Christianity but I'm seeing the effects of turning against Christianity everything falls apart so maybe I need to take this more seriously. that can actually um help people help people think about things more more clearly and more carefully and so on. Guess what? Sitting in prison sitting in prison for seven months in a cell will do that as well. So, uh interesting. I'd like to I'd like to hear him talk about this a little more. I wish he had talked about it a little more. Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Robinson. Uh as far as I should make a video about this. I've been trying to think about the relationship with Christianity. It's almost like a trellis, right? You guys know what a trellis is? What's a trellis? You grape vines can just grow on the ground. They don't grow very well and they don't produce much. And so you make a trellis that's like a lattice work and then the grape vines grow up it and they they produce way more grapes. They produce way more fruit if there's this structure that's there. So keep in mind the structure is not the grape vine. The grape vine is the thing that grows. But when the grape vines have this structure to grow on, they produce way more fruit. They grow much much better. Christianity to me seems like it's the trellis in your society and that other things, even non-Christian, even things that aren't the trellis, things that aren't Christianity, they just grow more effectively on with that structure in place. And then when you go and you say, "Let's get rid of this. Let's get rid of this trellis. Let's get rid of Christian. Let's get rid of the structure. Everything just falls down to the ground. And it can still grow. It's just it's it grows like crap. Grows like garbage after that. Well, that is true. That's true. That must be protected. That's part of our identity. But when it comes to the whole the Israel Jew things, I think Qatar, if you look at Qatar, Qatar spent nearly three quarters of a billion pound in funding Islamic organizations across Europe. Radical radical jihadist mindset. Qatara are behind it. They've been allowed to buy every port in our country. They own half of half of London. Our politicians have sold their souls to Qatar. Yeah. And Qatar come in. Now what Qatar used to do and these or these countries used to do? They used to fund little charities, Islamic charities, and they'd fund them to be on the streets calling for DA. Well, that's gone. What is influential now? Influencers. Okay, Sneo, let me back this up, guys. You have to understand this point. He's making a very important point. So, he's talking about Qatar buying up Great Britain, buying up their ports. And he he didn't cover half of it. Qatar is like taking over the UK by constantly buying things, buying properties, taking over everything, supermarkets, things like that. They they're buying them and owning them, and they're slowly taking it over. And he says, "Back in the day, I'll rewind this, but you have to get this point. If you go back 10 or 15 years, if you wanted to if you wanted to spread Islam, you'd fund da'A guys preaching on the streets, right? Da guys going to speaker's corner. So, are these guys being funded by Qatar? I don't know. But that's how you would have done it 10 or 15 years ago. And he points out it's way more effective now to pay influencers to promote Islam for you. So the the day of the da guy, the day of the da guy preaching on the street, walking around on the street, hey, convert to Islam, having a daab booth, that's that's that's nothing compared to something like a Lily J or an Andrew Tate or a Sneo converting to Islam and then you and then using the huge platform to spread Islam. So they have a much more effective way of doing that now. But anyway, back up a little bit. This is an important point to get. So get this point. used to do and these or these countries used to do they used to fund little charities Islamic charities and they'd fund them to be on the streets calling for da well that's gone what is influential now influencers okay Sneo I watched Sneo convert to Islam yeah I don't know why he's converted to Islam he's gay so he's but he's converted to Islam I've watched a video from him saying well I wasn't sure if I was gay or not yeah if you're not sure if you're gay or not sneak you gay [Laughter] Oh man. Oh gosh. How crazy is that? Wow. H [Laughter] We're definitely gonna watch that part again. That was hilarious. I don't know why compared to the slum he's gay. Wait, he's gay? Yeah, he said he doesn't know if he's gay, Sneo. If you don't know if you're gay, you're gay. Oh boy. Classic. Okay, going back a little bit because that is that's legend status right there with that little bit for DA. Well, that's gone. What is influential now? Influencers. Okay, Sneo. I watched Sneo convert to Islam. Yeah, I don't know why he's converted to Islam. He's gay. So he's but he's converted to Islam. Sneak was gay. Well, I've watched a video from him saying, "Well, I wasn't sure if I was gay or not." Yeah. If you're not sure if you're gay or not, Sneak, you're gay. Yeah. It's pretty simple. He said very simple. What What's funny is he he he just seemed like he was going to just just brush right past. I I don't know why he went went to Islam. He's gay. And it seems like he was just going to go on as if as if nothing had happened. And Patrick like, what? Oh, yeah. He's gay. Oh man, this is funny. Islam. Sneak was gay. Well, I've watched a video from him saying, "Well, I wasn't sure if I was gay or not." Yeah. If you're not sure if you're gay or not, Sneak, you're gay. Yeah. It's pretty simple. Hey, that's what his words, not mine, son. I'm going by his words. Look at Look at PBD god sitting there going, "This is a good point. This is a good point. Let me get Sneak on here to talk about his sexual orientation." What is influential now? Influencers. Okay. Sneo. I watched Sneo convert to Islam. Yeah. I don't know why he's converted to Islam. He's gay. So he's But he's converted to Islam. Sne's gay. Well, I've watched a video from him saying, "Well, I wasn't sure if I was gay or not." Yeah. If you're not sure if you're gay or not, Sneo, you're gay. Yeah. It's pretty simple. Okay. That's what his words, not mine. So, I'm stand by his words. Yeah. But I watch Sneo and then he converts to Islam cuz it become trendy. Remember people like us telling the truth about Islam. We were attacked and silenced. And then Islam comes in with all this money and it becomes very trendy. Yeah. And it becomes trendy because all the money's coming and funding it. Did you catch that guy? So one, you can you can become some of these influencers can convert to Islam because it's trendy, right? It's trendy. It's just this thing. Oh, here's a here's a good way to get a bunch of attention. But he's also pointing out it's becoming trendy because people are nations like Qatar and Saudi Arabia are are pouring money into it. So there's a ton of money there. There's a ton of money to make it trendy. Meaning, if you want to jump on board, if you want to get on the trend, it's actually in your financial best interest. Sneaker converts and then he goes and make some video in Saudi Arabia. Very well produced video. He's drawing the American youth. You need to wake up in America. Yeah. The same with Andrew Tate. Okay. These people in my catch that. Same with Andrew Tate. Same with Andrew Tate. Same with Andrew Tate. Calling him out. Call him out. in Saudi Arabia. Very well produced video. He's drawing the American youth. You need to wake up in America. Yeah. The same with Andrew Tate. Okay. These people in my view, so many of the people I see these Tik Tokers now after after October 7th. Yeah. Some I saw a black tik tok in America. Um, there was a time where where uh Tommy was actually trying to uh he was actually planning on getting an interview with with Andrew Hage. And I don't think that it was I mean I don't think that it would be difficult for him to have that interview. says it here. Did you have a history? Oh, he doesn't. He He says he wants to have a discussion with Andrew and sort of like try and figure some of this stuff out because I from what I remember, uh it was set up and um he was waiting for it to happen. Uh he even had a date or something set up, but then uh it didn't happen. I don't know what happened to her at that time. Uh yeah, I don't know either, but he's gonna he's going to talk about that here in a minute. How he'd like to actually talk to Andrew about some of this stuff, which that would be an interesting discussion. They're both well spoken, but in different ways. They both can go kind of rapid fire and stuff. So, it would be a very I mean, I think it would be huge. Um, especially if they start talking about Islam because Tommy knows about 10,000 times more than Andrew Tate does about Andrew Tate's religion that he reverted to. Andrew Tate knows more about raping women than he does about Islam. So, which is basically true. Yeah, he's an expert on that. So if Tommy starts if Tommy doesn't understand that Tate can run circles around him. Not the way aloot ran circles around Muhammad but um yeah Tate would Tate would know more about that issue. But on Islam Tate would get completely crushed and I would suspect exposed. I have to say now that Tate knows that Tommy's willing to call him out for uh you getting paid you getting paid to to say this stuff. I can't imagine Tate actually going through with it unless he let Tommy know beforehand. Here are things we cannot you cannot bring up in this discussion, but I can't imagine Tate walking into this in a in a free-for-all discussion with Tommy Robinson on this issue when Tommy's willing to call him out for this stuff. So anyway, let me go back a little bit. He's drawing the American youth. You need to wake up in America. Yeah. The same with Andrew Tate. Okay. these people in my view. So many of the people I see these Tik Tokers now after after October 7th. Yeah. Some I saw a black tik tocker in America and she's got the Quran and I've just decided to pick up the Quran and start reading it. I think a [ __ ] off. How much you been paid for that? So to get the influence with the next generation of youth, do you know how many people converted to Islam when Andrew T converted to Islam? Do you come out of out of prison holding the Quran? Do you know all these things in my in my view like this is in my view there's Matt and especially with Sneo if you want to pick up the Quran pick up my Quran it explains exactly how how it is rather than theirs but all of these people the way they now reach the public as in there are billions of pounds to be spent in order to convert people to look at this Tate does not want Tommy Robinson investigating. Yeah. So guys they they they know each other. They both grew up in Luton. They know each other. They've complimented each other many times in the past. Um, but I have to say, yeah, uh, as far as right now, Tate would not want Tommy, he would not want to have an open free discussion where you can bring these things up with Tommy Robinson because it would completely destroy uh, everything that Tate has been doing for whoever's paying him. But even more, what what Marie Mack just pointed out, do you really want Tommy using his skills to look in to look into what's been going on? Because guess what? They know a lot of the same people and so on. So Tommy would have an insiders view in a way that like the BBC doesn't have because they know the same people and so on. Anyway, let me back that up because AP was rudely rudely laughing at some stuff. I start reading it. I think [ __ ] off. How much you been paid for that? Yeah. So many of the people I see these Tik Tokers now after after October 7th. Yeah. Some I saw a black tik tocker in America and she's got the Quran and I've just decided to pick up the Quran and start reading it. I think [ __ ] off. How much you been paid for that? Yeah. So to get the influence with the next generation of youth it people converted to Islam when Andrew T converted to Islam. Do you want to come out of out of prison holding the Quran? Do you know all these things in my in my view like this is in my view there's Matt and especially with Sneo. If you want to pick up the Quran, pick up my Quran. It explains exactly how how it is rather than theirs. It isn't this crazy AP and we brought this up. We brought this up here and there. But you've got Qatar buying up massive amounts of properties, sending billions of dollars to U to US universities to control what those universities are promoting and so on and what research they're doing and so on and so on. You look at what's going on with the media like you can't expose grooming gangs and so you look at all this and what what what are the Jake Shieldses and Dan Bilzerians and everyone of the world? Oh, the Jews are controlling everything. Really? Who who's putting the billions of dollars into controlling all this stuff? Qatar, Saudi Arabia, those places? And you're saying the Jews are controlling everything. And every time every time you turn on the media, it's how evil Israel is and how Israel's committing genocide and so on, but Israel's Israel's controlling everything. The Jews are controlling everything and not and not these guys. Anyway, it's insane. But all of these people, the way they now reach the public, as in there are billions of pounds to be spent in order to convert people to Islam. In my in my town center, there's a shop called Discover Islam. Yeah. It's a shop that's funded. Its sole purpose is to convert non-Muslims to Islam. And that's in every town city across the UK. There's a mass and they work with the council. So if America do not wake up to the power and the influence coming in from the money from Saudi Arabia, they're going to convert your youth and when they convert your youth through the prison system or on the streets, they're going to turn them so quickly and so fast against America and against your own culture and against Christianity and against the Jews. And so the whole Jew hatred thing, it's become fashionable. Yep. You catching this guys? So you have these you have these places they're sending billions of they're funding da billions of dollars they're they're funding influencers influencers on Tik Tok on YouTube to sway people to convert Islam to get your kids to that's why that's why there's this big push on Tik Tok they know it's a young generation watching on Tik Tok they know that young generation knows nothing about Islam and so you can lie to them and tell them whatever they want and that's why they are they are funding these online influencers sending them piles and piles of money to convert your kids to Islam and you think oh I don't want my kid converting Islam the real goal is those kids will what they'll start hating they'll start hating your nation everything it stands for and want it to become Sharia compliant want it want Islam to take over diabolical but guess what the Jews are controlling everything it's the Jews the Jews are doing Jews. The Jews are making your kids convert to Islam. Jews. Do you know what's not fashionable? I get so much criticism. I think I don't get any benefit from it. I'm just speaking the truth. I when I grew up in Luton, the Islamic jihadist center is the old synagogue. Okay. I have seen so much Jew hatred in my hometown. And I remember there was a young family remembering the Holocaust and it was on the anniversary of they were having some date in and all the jihadists turned up and the young family had to lock himself inside the town hall. I don't know any Jewish gangs selling heroin. I don't know any Jewish rape gangs raping their way through our country. I love this about Tommy which is uh you know it has become recently a trend to hate on Jews to hate on Israel and all that. And uh he could have jumped on that very quickly as well. They could have jumped on all of this very quickly. They could have could have uh could have made made money off of this, could have uh gathered so much support from uh the insane masses that are currently jumping on the trend of hating Jews. He doesn't do it, however, and he explicitly explicitly tells people that that it's stupid to do it. That anti-semitism is nonsense and that this is actually a uh a plot and a stupid mind game that is being played. So, I I just I love this about him. I don't know. I've I've had I I have so much more respect for him since his whole resistance to the whole anti-semitism thing. And I have to say that is one of the good sides. That is one of the the positive things about dealing with Islam and exposing Islam for all these years when everyone is against you. When politicians call you Islamophobes and bigots and journalists call you Islamophobes and bigots and social media tries to shut you down and everyone complains about you for years. One of the positive outcomes is you learn to just not go along with the trends and not and not fall into what everyone is screaming at you to to do and so on so that when the next thing comes along you have to hate Jews. Okay, how you going to make us do that? Well, we'll we'll tell you that you have to and we'll constantly complain and say that you you're licking Israel's balls and dude, we've been dealing with jihadis. We've been dealing with jihadis for year. What do you have that is going to that's basically going to bully us into going along with you? Cuz everything you're going to try has already been tried, but way worse. Anything you want. Threats, intimidation, manipulation. We've been through it all. They tried all that. It didn't work. Here we are. We're still standing. We're still standing our ground. What do you got to make us to make us spend every waking moment whining about Jews? Oh, but it's Jen. Jen, shut up. Shut up. You sound like an idiot. Get the juice, man. Yeah. So Tommy's in that Tommy's in that same position. Like I mean, think way more than us. Way more than us. He's had everyone going against him for years. I mean, everyone in every position of power on the planet going after this guy for years. He didn't break. You think you're going to push him around? Oh, you have to hate Jews now, Tommy. Okay, then hate Jews. Not going to work. Not going to work. back this up a little bit because Tommy's spitting hot fire here. The truth. I when I grew up in Luton, the Islamic jihadist center is the old synagogue. Okay. I have seen so much Jew hatred in my hometown. I remember there was a young family remembering the Holocaust and it was on the anniversary of they were having some date in and all the jihadists turned up and the young family had to lock himself inside the town hall. I don't know any Jewish gangs selling heroin. I don't know any Jewish rape gangs raping their way through our country. I don't know any bad Jews. I know Islamic out of control jihadist criminals terrorizing our nation from one end of the other. And somehow they want to blame that on the Jews as well. So Mhm. Dan is going for his next. That's true. I even hear that about jihad. I get messages all the time. I'm sure you've gotten them too, AP. Oh, you're complaining about the spread of Islam and jihad. Did you know it's actually the Jews who are doing that to destroy your societies? Wait a minute, guys. You You think Jews are these brilliant masterminds and they want jihadis to take over all the nations that are that are currently helping Israel? That that's your theory. Israel's Israel's sitting there, you know, Net Netanyahu's in the war room and going, "You know what? We've got the United States who really keeps having our back and so on. You know what? We need we need Islam to take it over and that way we need the entire world to just convert to Islam so that we are completely surrounded by nothing but jihadis." Any everyone on board? Uh, okay. Okay, let's have a vote. Yay. Yay. All approved. No one. The eyes have it. We will destroy all Western nations and get them to convert to Islam. This is uh that's what Tommy was just pointing out there. It's like and they they want to blame this on the Jews, too. It's insane. Anyway, he's talking about he's talking about Dan Bilzerian, one of AP's heroes, terrorizing our nation from one end of it, the other. And somehow they want to blame that on the Jews as well. So Dan is going for his next money shot if you ask me. Dan Blizzard John, whatever his name is. Like he's going for the next Did he say Dan Blizzard? Hey, hang on. Hang on. Hang on. Where'd it go? Where'd it go? H I hate how they switch thing. Now it keeps moving. So, we've got What about the Talmud? Because someone brought it up. Hang on. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Sam Sam Ri says, "Read their Talmud, lol." Sam Ri, we're actually gonna pause. We're going to pause so you can educate us. Uh, so you can educate us. We're actually going to interact with you right now. Sam Ri, what were you going to ask? AP uh, have you ever read the Tom Mr. What's your name? Who's your name? Sam R. You you have a question. Have you read the Talmud? Te tell us your tell us your tell us the extent of your knowledge on the Talmud. And I'm read the Talmud. Yeah. I'm So one, have you ever read the Talmud? Two, does your does your knowledge of the Talmud actually just amount to I saw some memes by Nick Fuentes? But we're going to pause. We're going to pause and give you this opportunity. Actually, follow-up question. Um, just answer both of them at both of them at the same time. Have you ever read the Talmud? How long did it take you to read it? Yeah, we we'd like to know the answer to those questions cuz you're saying read the Talmud and you obviously are are an expert on this. Oh, he says yes, I have. Oh, you have? How long did it take you? Yeah, Sam says he's read the Talmud. This is interesting. Look right here. Yes, I have. How long did it take you to read the Talmud? How long did it take you? Come on, Samurai. How long did it take you? Was it two weeks? Was it one week? Five days? Yeah. Look, here's his explanation. He says, "I have Jewish ancestors." Yeah, Sam. Uh, so do I. I haven't. That doesn't mean I've read the Talmud. The fact that you think having Jewish ancestors is evidence that you've read the Talmud is borderline insane. Um, and insanely stupid. And I have to say now I'm starting to think that you're a complete liar and an evil little scumbag troll. Nick Fuentes. Oh, he says nine years. Nine years. Okay. Okay. W wonderful. So you've actually spent nine years reading the Talmud. Interesting. And why? Because you have Jewish ancestors. So So tell us about Tell us about the ancestors. Tell us about the telmud. Tell us about the telmud. Uh Sam Ri AP, what do what do you think is the probability say percentwise that this guy's telling the truth? Um I would give it a uh 5% chance that he's telling the truth. Wait, wait, wait. Hang on, hang on. No, hang on. Hang on. Here he has he says, "I have read the Talmud." Hang on. And where's the comment before that? This is awesome stuff. Where is it? Where is it? He says the Babylonia Talmud is pretty sick. He don't even know what it's called. The Babylonia Talmud. The Babylonia Talmud. Oh, hey, here we here you have it, AP. Hey, hey, AP. Here you go. I'm Eastern Orthodox, dude. All right. Right. You're Hey, hey, if you want to expose yourself as a complete liar, just tell us that you're an orthob bro who read the Telmud. Now, here here's the thing, uh, Samurai. Um, you shouldn't be lying, especially not to your fellow Christians. Uh, you should not be lying at all. I know you don't learn this because you don't go to church. You probably have never stepped foot in a church, inside a church. You learn your religion from online memes. Um, but you should not be lying to people. Um, how in the world does it even make sense in in what context and why would you have would you have studied the Talmud? Um, you don't even know the whole the whole concept. The whole have you read the Talmud uh question is actually a trick question. Uh, no matter what you answer, you're going to expose yourself as as as ignorant or as somehow somehow illogical. Number one, um, you don't really actually read the Talmud. You you study it. If you were familiar with what the Talmud is and how rabbis study study the Talmud, you would be you would understand that uh that that the Talmud is not something that you just simply read through. It is something that you study. You you usually don't go from beginning to end. You go to from from section to section. It's a library. You study it. Um yes it is usually completed by by devoted rabbis by devoted people who want to commit to becoming a rabbi who who want to commit to becoming a scholar in uh several years I think se seven years uh why would you read it? Why would you study it and then give your reasoning as I have Jewish uh ancestors? I would understand it if you said I was a devout Jew so I studied the Talmud. What in the world does having a Jewish ancestors have to do with any of this? And how in the world did you become an become an Orthodox Christian at at that point? And why are you lying to people? Yeah. So Sam Ri, tell us why you decided to spend nine years studying the Telmmet. You said, "Oh, but I had Jewish ancestors." Yeah. Um, tons of Jews have Jewish ancestors. In fact, most Jews have Jewish ancestors. Most Jews do not uh have not read the Talmud. So, tell us why you decided to spend nine years considering you're an Orthodox Christian. Okay. Wait. Now, he says, "Because I've grow because I grew up around Jews." Okay. Where'd that go? Okay. Uh tell me think that it's problematic and give me the source of it. Go ahead. He says, "Zionist Jews hate Christians. I have studied the Telmud. I promise you." Wait. So, so he studied it. Um. Oh, yeah. Now you studied it. Okay. So, Zionist Jews hate Christians. Which Which Zionist Jews? Sam, there are a bunch of Zionist Jews. There are a bunch of Zionist Jews in every live stream we do and they love us. And they love us and they love us and we're Christians. So, where are you getting this information from? Dude, you're sounding exactly like someone who lives in an orthobro echo chamber that spends every waking moment whining about Jews and making things up and lying and never actually knowing anything. So that's number here you go. Here you go. A AP Samurai says, "I wanted to learn more about Judaism and found out how sick it is." So he spent nine years he spent nine years, everyone. He spent nine years studying studying the Talmud to make sure he knew it all. Even though he still doesn't even know what the actual titles are and so on, but somehow he spent nine years just to learn more about Judaism because of his Jewish ancestors. And then after spending nine years, he found out how sick it is. He found out how it is. Let's get this straight. He's an Eastern Orthodox Christian. uh he says that especially the Babylonia Talmud is bad and he actually read the whole Talmud in 9 years because he has Jewish ancestry and he lived among Jews and uh what the one thing that he also wants to tell us is that specifically Zionist Jews are hate Christians. Dude, um anyone with a little bit of knowledge of the topic um knows at this point that you're a complete liar and lunatic. So get out of here, man. Hey, let's do let's do let's do a quick poll right here. And guys, this will this will decide whether whether I should just ban this guy for lying or not. I will put it to the people. Uh is refer to these people as the the fact that you make a distinction here and say Zionist Jews just shows that you learned all of this within the last two years from online meme. Yeah. Why were you doing this when it wasn't popular? It just became popular to oh but the Talmud the Talmud when the Talmud why were you why were you light years ahead of time that you were like oh this is going to be very important five years from now so let me start studying is ortho here's a poll guys is orthobro Sam are I lying about studying the entire Talmud don't refer to him as an orthod man he's probably not even orthodox he said he's orthodox man and we we know he's telling the truth I don't believe I don't believe for a second that he's actually Orthodox. Well, well, what you just going to accuse a man of lying, man? You can't be a think you're dealing with a liar. You can't be a liar and an Orthodox Christian. So, the poll was, "Is bro Sam I lying about studying the entire Talmet?" 90%. Oh, now it's 89. You're gaining ground. You're gaining ground. Oh yeah. Oh, he said you can't be a Zionist and an orthodox. Well, I am I am an Orthodox Christian and I'm a Zionist. There you go. What now? What are you going to do now? What are you going to do now? Uh people saying he's not Eastern Orthodox. Of course he's not. Hey Sam, I have to say if if if the percentage if the percentages are this heavy in favor of of you being a a compulsive liar. Hey. Hey. He was he says he was baptized in 2024. Really? So years after you became the world's leading authority on the Telmud, even though still you don't even know how to how to site it properly. Um, but you studied it for 9 years, read the entire thing, all because you had Jewish ancestors, and that's when you found out how sick, how sick it was. Um, then you were baptized. It went like this, man. Look, it went like this. He was like, he's he's growing up, and he he looks at at his ancestry. He's like, "Okay, I see. I think I have curly hair. Look at my my nose. My look my nose looks kind of strange. I think I have Jewish ancestry and I also have Jewish people around me. I heard that Jewish people have these distinct noses." That's what people say. I think I have Jewish ancestry. Anyway, let me now find out about Judaism. I might want to convert to it. Let me read the Talmud 9 years later. Oh man, this is really, really bad. This is really, really bad. I want to become an Orthodox Christian now. Anyway, I'm going to get baptized now. By the way, during my nine years of reading this, I have concluded that specifically Zionist Jews hate Christians. [Laughter] Hey. Uh, hey Sam. RI. Would you like to join Would you like to join us live so we can quiz you on your knowledge of the Talmud? You want to join us live? We'll we'll we'll we'll just have we'll just have some questions for you about some some passages that we're familiar with. And you can you can enlighten everyone and you won't need to look up anything because uh you you've obviously studied it. AP he says he's not a liar. I don't know what what further proof you can you can no liar no liar would ever say I'm not a he's not a liar right I'm sorry about I'm sorry for calling you a liar then I didn't and look it says Zionists have killed many of our Eastern Orthodox brothers and sister yeah really interesting I must have missed that what are you talking about they're being killed being killed I must have missed all the cuz the la last I checked the One uh force that has killed the highest number of Orthodox Christians over the last 20 years in this new century have been uh Russian Orthodox Christians. You don't seem to be worried about them. All right. Well, um All right. That got old real quick. Doesn't want to join us live. Big surprise. Uh the people have spoken. Overwhelming number of people think you're just a liar. And then now you're gone, buddy. Now you're gone. Gave you the opportunity. Can't say I don't give them the opportunity, man. They're just gonna If you're just going to spam, what about the Talmud? What about the Talmud? What about Talmet? And then expose yourself as a complete liar. Oh, but because I have Jewish ancestors and they're Jews around me, that's what I realized. I had to learn the entire Talmud. Hey, I don't know why why is why why somebody uh no, why somebody is saying something about Sam Shimoon. Sam Shimon is not a Jew hater. Sam Shimon is not a Jew hat. Samoon has this problems with Israel and all that, but he doesn't hate Jews. In fact, uh I can say this happily. He uh after I had my debate with Andrew Wilson, um he called me and we had a conversation where he also helped me a little bit understand things better. And I can I can with all certainty say that Sam Shimoon has no ounce of hate for Jews. Uh Michelle's here. AP. Oh, Michelle, what's up? How you doing? Yeah. Matter of fact, let's uh let's go through these super chats real quick because uh she she left one. Let's see. Why does Iran announce every attack before Why does Iran announce every attack before doing it? We're going to launch 800 missiles now. Get ready. Do they think they're in an anime or something? Well, they might as well because it's not like Israel's not going to see them coming. So, I might as well know. Sneo aka Tier One Dawa apologist. Yeah, he's super super uh super knowledgeable and based. Replace BBC in the UK with WBC. Winger broadcasting. Muscular Chad Christianity returns to the UK and destroys Davo with Winger's message and alphanist. Is it for anyone who's new here? This is all a complete joke. Uh this is if this is Mike Winger basically and like that's his body type. Let's see. Uh if you don't want to be a pufta, be a Christian. If you want to be a super poofa, Islam is the way. Sneo, Tate, and Tommy are known by their fruit. That's right. Should Turkey be removed from NATO? If I ran NATO, Turkey wouldn't be in there. Pragmatic approach to Christianity can be problematic to use as proof. Next thing you know, you have some genius using it as proof that the East fell because the Eastern Orthodox were pagan or some crap like that. Uh yeah, it that would be a problem to use it as a proof. What it's helpful to use it as is a response to what the new atheists were saying for years, which is if you just get rid of religion, then uh you know, science and reason will flourish. Uh as soon as you get rid of religion and that religion is just, you know, religion poisons everything. That was a slogan back then and so on. And so you need to realize it's doing all kinds of things that you're not familiar with because you're stupid. And that atheism cannot replace those things. And if you get rid of Christianity, start replacing it with atheism, things start falling apart very, very rapidly because Christianity was doing something and you're too dumb to realize it. That's where it comes in. So in other words, it's, hey, maybe you shouldn't have such a negative attitude and maybe you need to look at it more seriously because you were you were embarrassingly superficial in your thinking about it. That's where it comes in. Uh, please ignore Chad Winger suggestion about Winger broadcasting. It's a trap. Oh, I'm ignoring everything from Chad Winger. You guys should watch Jay Dyer on Tim P sometime. Does have some interdenominational fighting, but still pretty funny. I um I tuned in for five minutes a comedian. I tuned in for five minutes or so. I I watched some of the discussion. Uh it seemed like an interesting exchange. Might check it out. Christian Gadfly says, "Please clip him saying if you're not sure if you're gay or not, you're gay. That needs to be in the soundboard." Couple things that Tommy said about Sneak and Tate there should be in the soundboard. AP, have you not heard of the prophecies going back decades from Orthodox saints of the next major world conflict? Two signs: Israel striking Iran's nuclear facilities to shortly after Erdogan no longer leader of Turkey. I don't think I don't think you need a you don't I don't think you need a serious prophecy. I could have predicted both of those things. Yeah. Yeah. I think that um so obviously this is the Orthodox perspective but the Orthodox uh so to my understanding the Orthodox Church has a very um doesn't have like a strict ruling or dogma on uh you know what what's on on on what concerns prophecies. So um I wouldn't necessarily take every prophecy that I hear as a fact. I would say uh getting zooted is Palestinian. That's true. Correction. Alzoot was in Muhammad's circle. Yes. True. Can the alz were the circle. Can you make a soundboard of the sneak bit? You've had multiple requests for that now. AP, I will do that. That is good stuff. Uh your favorite maid said, "How is Mike Winger evil?" And and and how is Satan evil, too? It makes no sense. Why would you say something like that? Um, no comment from Gilla here. Oh, then Gilla left. AP, please connect with Uran. What is that? Py. He says Py. Psy. Huh? But it's actually it's actually Py, I think. But he he prefers Py. Is that Italian? No, it's actually Serbian. Oh, a Serbian. Then I have no idea. He's a Serbian dude. If it was Italian, we said, "We needed a pizza, the spaghetti, and the meat the balls and the spaghetti sauce from your father." A good Serbian man. He is a good Serbian man. Uh, good Serbian. Have you How many Serbs have you met, AP? How many Serbs have you met? A lot. I've been to Serbia twice, man. And And oh, you mean good by comparison to other Serbians who are all terrible. Yes. Okay, we'll let that slide then. I thought hating Jews stopped being cool on September 2nd, 1945. It's making a comeback, ladies and gentlemen. Making making a comeback. Uh, the UK government is abusing Tommy just like the commie Soviet KGB abused its dissident. Blackmail, slander, kangaroo court, endangering family, etc. Yeah, that's the creepy thing. It's sounding exactly It's sounding exactly like the Soviet Union's way of dealing with things. Sam say that because he gay. Is that Sam? RI. He's gone. Why you Why you attacking the man after he's already uh gone out of here? David, did you use my joke about fridge not working? What was the joke about the fridge not working? Why did you use this joke, man? What's your problem? What was the joke about the fridge not working, man? Why did you use this joke, man? What's wrong with you? Um, I love you guys, but this is very Blood Sport. What's very blood sport? Let's see. Locking bagels for lunch. I'm Jewish. Talmud Ben. Talmud Ben. Trust me, bro. Also sneak. Why are you gay? Sam R lie needs attention bad. He's West Coast Orthoscks. You see, I didn't understand half of that, but sounded pretty sounded pretty based. Hey, Sam. Track date. Oh, yeah. That's what we should have had. We should have had some of the guys here uh sharing some uh some Hebrew for Sam to comment on, but sadly sadly he was voted a complete utter total liar. Oh, yeah. I think uh Ash here is um a former Orthodox Jew uh uh Christian convert who however likes to I think deal with these uh these dummy anti-semite people who try who like who like to make up lies about the Talmud. I need to talk to you sometime, Ash. Yeah, here here's the thing. Uh Sam Ri, if you're still watching, which you are, if you're actually knowledgeable and you really wanted to complain about something in the chat of on the topics that we're discussing, you'd have gone in a completely different direction. That's a tell. If you automatically go to the same thing like a groper would go to, you kind of expose you kind of or an Orthobo. Talk about the online the the Jew hating ones. you kind of expose yourself. And so then when you start, oh no, I'm actually I was a rabbi for 50 years. I was a rabbi who became an ortha bro and a groers. Are you and then as a rabbi I decided to study the Talmud and I learned it and then I decided that that Zionist Jews really hate Christians. So I became a Christian. Yeah. Somehow I can barely spell, but I read the entire Talmud and it was actually the Babylonia Talmud. The Babylonia of all the Talmuds. Whoa. Whoa. Here you go. A here you go. AP. This is why I wanted to go through the super chat. Get down to uh Michelle. Michelle. AP talked about Michelle earlier. She says, "Hey guys, just this seconds tuned in late X watching uh from start. Big hugs. Nice, nice, nice. Good to see you, Michelle. I talked about you a little bit at the beginning of this uh of this live stream. You might want to uh check that out. I think it was within the first five or 10 minutes or so. Uh but yeah, as said, so Michelle is right here and she could really need everyone's support and prayers as we speak. Let's see. Ask Sam Ri, what is tractade baba about? Yeah, I wanted I wanted to say uh tell us about uh tell us about uh Libra David 67. Wanted to ask that question because that's on all their little memes and it's a that one's a madeup source, but yeah, you could probably I'm guessing you could ask since he didn't even know the name. Um I'm guessing you could ask him any question about that. Now by the way, that's why I invited him to join live because if we were just asking him questions, he could like look them up and get the AI answers and stuff like that. Whereas if we was actually having a discussion live would be easy to uh easy to expose. But anyway, why doesn't tell me what it says in gut shows? Uh why did we start going after Sam? Who started going after Sam? What are you talking about? I mean Samri. Samri because he's he's he's then he was in there spamming. What about the tommo? Oh my goodness. The tomud. It's like serious. Is that still a thing? Isn't that like a Isn't that like a Isn't that like a Twitter thing? Oh, what about the Talmud? Like every do you realize how old that gets? Like, hey, hey, here I am. I just ate a sandwich. What about the Talmud, guys? There was just a there was just a horrible turn. What about the Talmud? But what about the Talmud, man? What's wrong with you? Uh, here you have uh if you pretend to be Orthodox, but said you read the Talmud, you're probably Hey. You were very hay. You're very hay. Man, these are the same people who tell me that I get my dispensationalist beliefs from Scoffield despite the fact that I disagree with Scoffield's dispensations and other teachings. Yep. They've just been programmed to say that. We should have asked that. Where do you Where do we get our view? You got it from the Scoffield Bible. The Michael Scoffield Bible. A couple years ago, the algorithm was giving me anti-semitic videos with quotes from the Telmet. Before believing the post, I went and looked at the context. easy to find that it is conversations between rabbis, not Jewish beliefs. That is that is correct. Keep in mind, you can find really messed up stuff in there, but it will be a rabbi saying it. And guess what? You are allowed to disagree with that rabbi. In fact, you're required to disagree with some of the rabbis because some of the rabbis say completely opposite things on various issues. And so, I've I've said it a trillion times. If you want to if you want to criticize the Talmet, criticize the Talmud, but do it accurately and say, "Hey, Rabbi so and so says this and that is messed up thing to say. Therefore, if you are a person who agrees with Rabbi so and so, explain yourself." Something like that. But that's not how it gets pre presented. It gets presented, look, this is a quote from the Talmud, which all Jews believe in, and this is what they're plotting against us. It's like, okay, you sound like an idiot. That's what they all believe, man. What's wrong with you? Uh, I have $1,000 on the Pacers to win. Please pray for me. I will not. Uh, AP, I put you in my prayers lately. Hope your journey and faith is going well. Dwood, I looked into your story, your med dope. You calling me a dope? How dare you? You and AP, consistency is inspiring. Yes. Thank you. Thank you so much. I appreciate that. Uh, Sean, very, very much appreciate it. That's what we do. We inspire. I have not read the Talmud, but I have read the books of Alzot. You see? Yes. Uh, my wife wrote notes saying not working. Goodbye joke. My wife wrote notes saying not working. Goodbye joke. What's that? I think that's supposed to be a joke. Is it? I can't tell. All right, let's finish this Tommy clip. Where'd it go? Was it not letting me re Oh, it's already on there. I was trying I was trying to find it and it's literally on the screen in front of my face. I was like, why is it not letting me select this? Okay, back up a little. They want to blame that on the Jews as well. So, Dan is going for his next money shot if you ask me. Dan Blizzard John, whatever his name is, like he's going for the next. He knows it's that funny. Blizzard John, this is cool. He's calling out all these guys. Like, seriously, what do you think? Is Dan getting paid or is he just conveniently conveniently spending every waking moment going after Jews and whining about them? He's going for the next He knows it's if you look at how many likes he gets from being against the Jews, blaming everything on the Jews. And you have a very in America, it's more mainstream, but it's becoming mainstream in the UK as well. There's so many now. If I was Jewish, I'd be worried, really worried. I'd be really, really worried. So, of what's of what's happening across function, you know, I done a video. I saw a video I saw a video of Sneo if I'm if I'm not mistaken if I'm if I'm wrong, you know, discard it. We'll leave it. I'm not saying edit it, but I I I thought I saw a clip that Sneo was uh tired of the way of being a uh Muslim himself. I may be wrong, Rob, if you can look. No, you're entirely correct. So, apparently uh PBD saw the clip of Sneo like flipping out. I think there have been a couple clips like that where he's flipping out cuz everyone's like, "What you doing with the rob? How dare you do this? And he uh he made he flipped out. He flipped out. Qu I can't even use the language. Uh but he was saying, "Get off my Get off my pee pe." Yeah. Get off my Get off my pee pee. Get off my pee pee. Quit telling me what to do. Stop telling me what to do. They're not paying me enough. They're not paying me enough to do this. So yeah, uh Patrick saw that clip interview and he was having a go because they're always stressing him how he has to live his life. Yeah. because he doesn't believe any of it. It's all [ __ ] What do you think Tate's reasoning is? Because the, you know, you've known Tate, you know, for his brother stays being a Christian, but Tate leaves when he goes to jail and he says, "The people that wrote me letters were Muslims, but not a single Christian person wrote me a letter when I was Muslim. Have you spoken to him about it or no?" He wrote me a letter. So, I believe Christian leadership has failed. I believe there's a revival happening right now in Great Britain. Want to make many Do you remember that? It's weird that PBD takes that nonsense seriously, right? So, you had the Tape brothers in prison. You had the Tape brothers in prison and Tristan, I'm a Christian. Christians need to rally around me. And we don't because you're a freaking sex trafficker trying to use us to dupe people. And we're not you're not using you're not using Christianity like that, you sick pervert. Christ, with you guys, with the tape brothers, everything is a tool for them to manipulate people. And then so Christians actually spot that. That's actually says something about the Christian. We're we're we're a bit harder to manipulate than the umbah because Christians didn't fall for it. They come to but Muslims were writing me left and right. Muslims were writing me every Yeah, because they'll fall for it. Oh, if we could just get this sex trafficker on our side, this will save the um he says he's looking into these things. We're not falling for it because you you got to be like you you have to be 40 generations of the the product of 40 generations of inbreeding to fall for the Tate brothers telling you, "Oh, what what are we going to do? What are we going to do? We have to decide what to believe." You have to be really really stupid one to want these guys on your side. I do not want these guys on my side unless they're mass massive amount of change like massive repentance, complete lifestyle change. If if if that doesn't happen, not interested. But uh yeah, so Christians didn't fall for this. Muslims fell for it. And then what happened? Now they're all complaining, "Oh, Tate has betrayed us. He's not living according to what he's just he's leading people astray." Congratulations. You fell for it. You fell for it, you bunch of clowns. But what's amazing is PBD has he brings this up every time. Well, well, he said he didn't get he didn't get letter. They didn't get letters from Christians. If you got a letter from a if you got a letter from a serious Christian, it would be do not you do not you you do not dare use Jesus or the Bible or anything else to try and justify or manipulate people based on your case to try and to try and throw people off what you've done. You you evil scumbag. Repent. Repent. Christianity Christianity is not another tool in your tool belt to manipulate people. You evil lying scumbag. But Tommy, if if Islam is so as bad as you say it is, then how do you explain that uh that that Tristan Tate didn't receive any letters in prison from Christians? How do you explain this? How do you explain this is the proof? All right, I backed it up a little bit. Think Tate's reasoning is because the you know, you've known Tate, you know, for his brother stays being a Christian, but Tate leaves when he goes to jail and he says, "The people that wrote me letters were Muslims, but not a single Christian person wrote me a letter when I was Muslim." Have you spoken to him about it or no? Good point. So, I believe Christian Christian leadership has failed us, but I believe there's a revival happening right now in Great Britain. I want to make a mini documentary on it. Something's happening. Something big is happening. I we went to our demonstration, 100,000 people, and there was a lad. He had Christ King banner and the whole place was erupting. And then I looked as 100,000 people were chanting Christ King in the middle of Trafala Square. This is unthink unthinkable, unseen. Something's happening. When you have your loss of identity, loss of culture, and you feel a threat, people are looking back to where it's come from. Church is a but the church leadership are traitors to us in many of them. We need mas masculine Christianity. I think with Andrew Tate, he's a chess player. And I think that when he was when he was deplatformed, I'd love to have a discussion with Andrew Tate, but personally, on it, we're going to disagree on a lot, me and Andrew Tate. Here we go. You catching this AP talking about having a discussion with Andrew Tate. He'd like to have a discussion with him. I would like to have a discussion with uh Tommy first before he has a discussion with Andrew Tate. Honestly, yeah. Um, we'd like we'd like to make sure that Tommy has uh has all the details. Has all the details. And maybe Tommy maybe Tommy, unlike Tucker Carlson and Candace Owens and all the other people that graveled at his feet for clicks and views and sold themselves. Um, maybe Tommy can actually get Tate to answer for some of these things and actually explain things to us. Uh, you know, it's weird. Uh, I thought like with PBD bringing this up again, what about Andrew T. Think about how different things are right now because in recent years, you're talking 2024, 2023, 2022. What was PBD saying? Oh, well, why is Islam taking over? Why is it so strong? Why are so many people converting to Islam? Why is Christianity losing left and right? He can't even say that now. Can't even say that now. Tommy just Tommy just Tommy just pointed out. What are you talking about? There's a re there's a revival going on, dude. there's a revival going on right now. So, that's just interesting to me because again, for for a couple years, every guest that PBD had on who knew anything about Christianity or Islam would be like, "Why why are so many people turning to Islam? Why is why is Dawa so powerful? Why are Christians losing so much?" Like, now it's like, "What planet do you live on, dude? Look around." So, anyway, backed up a little bit. This is something unthinkable, unseen. Something's happening when you have your loss of identity, loss of culture and you feel a threat. People are looking back to where it's come from. Church is a but the church leadership are traitors to us in many of them. We need mas masculine Christianity. I think with Andrew Tate, he's a chess player. And I think that when he was when he was deplatformed, I'd love to have a discussion with Andrew Tate, but personally on it, we're going to disagree on a lot. Me and Andrew T, we go back years, but we're going to disagree on a lot because I think that when Andrew Tate, he made a comment that um he didn't realize the influence he had when he when he used to make videos. And this is when he got deplatformed and he if he could do it again, he made me think more careful about what he's saying. Yet, there he is telling people and drawing people to Islam. Now, if Andrew Tate now decided he didn't believe in Islam, yeah, didn't believe a word of it, he can't even come out and say it, they'll kill him. He can't become the most famous apostate in the world. He'd be dead. They want him more than they want me. You think that'd kill him? 100%. He'd be the biggest target. Interesting. You catch that, everyone? H. So Tommy's pointing out he'd like to have a discussion with Andrew Tate, but pointing out, hey, you know, you get these guys, it becomes trendy because Saudi Arabia, Qatar are putting pile endless chunks of money into DA trying to buy influencers and then you say, "hm, I would like to buy into this. I'd like a little Qatari money. That's a good uh good source of income." and then you jump on board with that stuff. You don't realize this isn't something you can just uh walk away from later on. Same thing with Sneo. Like what does this dude do? Same thing with Lily Jay. What do any of the what do any of them do? You decide later on, you know what? I don't believe this nonsense. I must say I'm afraid that uh I think Tommy still doesn't really uh know much about uh what the problem with Andrew Tate actually is. So it might be interesting to have a conversation with him about all of that cuz he needs to understand really that uh it's not simply Andrew Tate being uh misled, Andrew Tate being paid and being on on a certain agenda. It's also the things that Andrew Tate did. Aside from that, we know them very well by now. He's a pervert. He's a uh he's a violent rapist. He's a sex trafficker. He's just now being charged for another case of um trafficking a se a a a a a known person, a known woman in Romania and then uh intimidating her and threatening her with violence and blackmail and things like that. He now has multiple cases, multiple charges of uh rape and human trafficking, including trafficking minors. trafficking miners going against him in uh multiple countries. So, you don't want to downplay this and you don't want to be uh you know, you don't you don't want to kind of um brush it away and you know, sweep it under the under the rug and make it look like oh yeah, he just know we just have disagreements. It's more than that and he's not being set up. He actually did do and we know very well that he actually did do horrible horrible things for which I hope he spends a life in prison. Yeah. Um I'll say again uh if uh if this stuff is being if there's anything that he is innocent of, I hope that he is found not guilty of those things that he did not do. Um, I think it's borderline impossible that he didn't do a bunch of this stuff because again, he did it for years, then he made an entire course of how he did it and then would actually be doing it like using the lover boy method on girls and showing the guys in on his platform how he's doing it to educate them on how they can do the same thing and then eventually gets charged with it because he's acknowledged that he was doing it the entire entire time and then a bunch of women come forward and say he was he was doing it and so on. So anyway, he has uh charges in Romania, charges in the UK, charges in the US and the US most recent US victim said she don't even think that he can get aroused without being abusive to women. Like he can't do he has to be he has to be horribly abusing women in order to even get aroused. It makes him feel strong. This is your guy because I I think I don't know. I think that's pathetic. I think you're a pathetic loser if you can't even I can't get I can't get I can't get a I can't get a boner unless I'm beating the crap out of a woman. Okay, you're a pathetic freaking loser, man. How are you some alpha male? Anyway, all right, let's take these last couple super chats and uh Hey, people explain the joke in the chat. My wife wrote a note saying not working goodbye joke. So, a guy finds a note on the refrigerator and it it's Farmer's wife and says this isn't working. Goodbye. He opens the He opens the refrigerator and says, "What are you talking about? It's working fine." Okay. Yeah, now I get it. That's good. That's good. Uh, who, if anyone is your favorite Islamic apologist, Lily J. Yeah, I like all of the main cast because they're all destroying Islam for us, right? Yeah. Yeah, you can win some converts, but you're basically making more ex-Muslims. Lily Jay is making ex-Muslims when those people convert because it's shown like what 70 around 70% of people who convert to Islam leave it within a few years. And so um I got to love Muhammad Hijab and Ali Dawa and they are the ultimate tag team. Um Shikman. So we got Muhammad Hijab. We got Muhammad Hijab. He's got his scandal this year with the um with the hotel wife scandal and blackmailing a shake to lie and then um the photoshopping a screenshot and making an AI generated fake confession to discredit his victim. Uh and he's been doing this stuff for, you know, years and so on. So, you got him. And that's the same hijab who says, "Ah, did you know that according to the Quran, if you just go with the Quran alone, you will see that you can upset for a 5-year-old?" You got that. You've got him saying that uh Western women who criticize Islam are basically longing for a strong jihadis to come along and and take them as war booty and so on. Uh sending us messages about golden showers and so on. But keep in mind in addition to all this, he's the guy who destroyed the perfect preservation myth by forcing Yaserati to uh acknowledge the reality and so on. So you got him, you got Ali Ali Dawa. If my daughter got her first period at the age of 9 years old, I would tell her you are ready. You are ready to be married. So you got Ali Dawa and then him uh openly publicly telling uh ex-Muslims that he looks forward to the day when they'll all be executed and he's going to sit there watch eating popcorn watching them and so on and then uh his his great Dawa argument is oh but look at the shape see the triangle no square in the and you see this and then just gets crushed. So you got to love Ali Dawa. Um, Shikman, Shake, aka Shake Iban Footnote, aka Shake Iban Ketchup, aka Shake Iban Smlet, aka Shik Iben Zena, the guy who um faked a hate crime against himself and then blames us. Uh, squirts squirts fake blood on himself and says that he got attacked. Then then just kept going with the lie. Kept going with the lie. Oh, you know, uh, oh, yes, the the guy, he's he's been sentenced to prison, but he converted to Islam. Alhamdulillah. It's all made up. It's all made up. He's just a compulsive liar. Um, then he got exposed for uh banging his friend's wife. So, he committed adultery. The friend sent his wife to Shikman for marital counseling. And Shikman just had sex with her. She was still married. And then he married her. She was married to two guys. Uh, none of that's a problem. And then his uh, one of his other wives actually filed a restraining order because he's abusive and was choking her. He was doing Andrew Tate's stuff. He has where he has to be abusing her and choking her and stuff like that uh, during sex. She had to file a restraining order against him and so on. And so, uh, that's the stuff that's the stuff that's been going on in the DA community. And then after all that, you get, you know, Sneo and Andrew Tate and uh and Lily Jay, but they just have an all-star lineup for helping us destroy Islam. And so I love I love their entire their entire starting lineup right now. It's awesome stuff. Judith Icarot says, "I tried reading the Telmud after 45 minutes. My Kindle said I had only achieved 1%. Then I looked how long it was and decided to watch Dukes of Hazard reruns. Just a good old boys never mean no harm. Dwood since you are learning about based on an he often uses a warning clip in streams to warn his audience. That means uh warning brain cell. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty good. Um let's see. I came to hate the talmet after reading it once. Sanhedrin 19a. I think not because the content was horrible, but because how annoying it was to read. Now, if you say that, I would agree with you. That is some rough stuff to read. I cannot figure out what's going on in a lot of these passages and so on. Well, there is one aspect of it which is actually kind of um uh a joke as well which is that much of the Talmud consists of um what you would describe as hair splitting, you know, which is um a topic is mentioned and then you have uh rabbis basically have a have a whole long long long discussion about what seems to be a completely irrelevant detail about a word that is mentioned in something that somebody said 200 400 years ago and how this connects to something in the Bible and so on. It's like why are we doing this? But that's a lot of what the what the Talmud uh what the Talmud does. So if you want to criticize it for that, I get it. But if you want to come and say it's a very bad I read it and it it's a Christian bed, then get out of here, man. Um we have a followup. We have a follow-up here. So he said, uh, I came to hate the Telmmet after reading it once, not because it the content was horrible, but because how annoying it was to read. And then we have the follow-up. I spilled hot coffee on my leg. This must be the work of the Jews because I said the Talmud was annoying to read. Yes. And now you know the power. Now you know the power of the Talmud. And what do we have here? Doesn't Ali Dawa sound like Tommy Robinson with crushed testicles? Yeah. In it, bro. They do. They do have a They both They both were a Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's two different things, right? He's Yeah. Street and Ali. Yeah. Yeah. Little girl. Yeah. Um, so yeah, it just uh Ali Dawa is like uh uh much much higher pitch. So, crushed testicles. That is one possible explanation. All right. JP, this is a good time to close out. Hope everyone learned learned a bit about what Tommy has gone through and what he is up against in the UK and what not just Tommy Robinson, but what everyone else in the UK is. You have people who actually want to save their civilization. And Tommy has just shown you what you are up against. And not only are you up against the entire British government and the BBC and all the other publications and so on, not only are you against all these organizations who are completely evil and corrupt and are willing to do anything to destroy the lives of anyone who is out of line. In addition to all that, you have simultaneously nations like Qatar and Saudi Arabia funding putting billions of dollars into funding the conversions of people, paying off uh popular influencers to dupe your kids into converting to the ideology. That's what you're up against. That's what you're up against right now, people of Great Britain. Sucks. Sucks to be you. But you better figure something out. And I suggest I suggest you have Tommy's back because he's one of the few who's willing who are willing to really stand against all of that. And I suggest you uh heed his warning about the significance of Christianity in Great Britain right now. Uh any last thoughts on this AP or anything uh any idea what we'll be covering tomorrow? Uh well I think Tommy Robinson said very much everything that needs to be said right there. Um what will we be covering tomorrow? I think we might be looking at that uh debate between uh Jack and and uh Jack Yields and Dan Bilson and the Awesome June. Might do that. We'll see. That would be very very based. You might have to do a might have to skim that and see what they're talking about and make sure it's all YouTube friendly. I guess it's okay if we're not the ones saying it. if we're like examining it like even if they in other words even if Jake Shields or because I don't know what they said but even if one of them is saying messed up stuff I guess it wouldn't be us saying it and therefore we wouldn't be the problem anyway but guess we'll see. Yeah, I guess because we we've watched a bunch of Pierce Morgan shows where people were saying all sorts of messed up stuff. So yeah. Yeah, I think we'll be good. I think we'll be good. We'll be good. All right, everyone. All right. And I um giant doc giant doc uh pointed out that what's his name? Dawa over duna posted a response to me completely exposing and humiliating him already. So we will probably go live with that earlier in the day. Earlier in the day like 5:00 p.m. or something like that 5:00 p.m. just to go through his latest clip which I hear is short. So pro I'll probably be live around 5 tomorrow just to go through DA over DA's new clip and then we'll be live on AP's channel to check out this debate. Should be fun times. But 2025 not a good year for DA. Not a good year for DA. Not a good year at all. And by the way, uh you know that I have uh I just checked my Spotify listens for the song that I published and I see now that uh it has over over a thousand listens which is pretty nice. It seems like very new on Spotify. Yeah, it seems like a small number for uh after having YouTube channels and all that, but uh just for a song on Spotify, it's kind of nice, man. Especially when it's new. Yeah. And then and then on YouTube, I just looked. Uh you have 31,000 views on YouTube. Oh yeah. For a song. Yeah. For a song on a brand new channel. And that's good because it it had been up several hours and it had a it had like six or 700 views and stuff even after we're sharing it. Even after we're sharing it. So I was I was like wondering like are people just not going to be interested in this? Are people just not interested in this super dope song? Is this not even going to be worth it? Cuz if we posted a video and it had a couple hundred view, keep in mind if you're getting started or you have a smaller channel or something like that, it, you know, 7 or 800 views, you should be excited about that, right? 7 or 800 people who just watch what you had to say or something like that. But, you know, if you've been doing YouTube for a really, really long time and so on and you have hundreds of thousands of followers, if you posted something and it got a hund couple hundred views, you'd be like, "Oh my goodness, what did I just do? What a disaster. What a disaster." Um, so anyway, when when after several hours and so on, seeing, you know, six or 700 views, I was like, "Oh, maybe it's not just maybe it's just not going to work out, man. Maybe the music thing just isn't going to work out." And but guess what? Lots of people been checking it out and sharing it. So, I think you have a long and fruitful music career ahead of you, AP. Now I also see uh other people coming in and listening to it like people who are completely unfamiliar with my channel and unrelated to what I do and all that coming and say, "Hey, this is awesome, man." And all that. So it is. It's a jam, man. Yeah, that's a straightup jam. It's very cool. I'm proud of that. These are cool. And guys, I put I told you already AP actually has a ton of songs. He has enough songs for a for an album right now. He's going to be releasing them, releasing them periodically to spread them out. I just feel very shy about publishing my music. But cool stuff coming out. And Ash here has a challenge for you. It says AP email on channel description. Let's Talmud, bro. Let's do it. Let's Talmud. And let's do you even Talmud, bro? Do you even do? Do you even tell? All right, guys. Thanks for watching. Uh, we'll catch you all tomorrow. You won times ahead. Bad year for DA. Bad bad bad year for DA. Good year for crushing the hour. Good year for apostate music beast.