You good? All good, bro. No abusing women, but abusing Bugattis. You're going to arrest me for that. The abusing women shit's all a lie. Abusing Bugatti, 100% guilty. Put me in [Music] jail. What is up guys and welcome back to another video. a video which has been asked for many times. This is part two of my most viewed video of all time. Last one hit 10 million views. I've been trying to make this happen for a while, but obviously we've been in different places, different times, but now the main man is back. [Music] So, here we are once again, the exact same spot where we met 3 years ago where the famous line was said. I like the color. You like the color? Yeah. Yeah. I had a mixed reviews on the color. Some people said they like it, some people said they don't like it. And I said, well, what color is your bag? It's funny cuz the last time that we actually filmed this video, I had no idea what was going to happen afterwards. This was before you kind of blew up. So, uh, what was going to be a casual video turned out to be an absolutely massive one. So, today I'm expecting nothing less. It's going to be another [Music] banger. It's been a while. It's been a while. Only 3 years. This feel friend, you good? All good, bro. It's been a while. This car park was emptier last time. Yeah. Dubai is getting busier. It's getting busier. Everyone's moving here. Yeah. Where else is it to live? Not many places, bro. Well, you've been everywhere. I've been in jail. You've been everywhere. So, tell me what have you. You seen anywhere that compares to Dubai? You know what? I was recently in Miami. Miami was pretty cool. But Miami is just Dubai plus criminals. Yeah. Like you might get Shaw and dirtier. And dirtier. Yeah. So, Dubai's still better. Yeah. This was well looked after. Yeah. They didn't get hold of this. The police tried very hard to seize this car. They sent letters all around the world, but they couldn't get hold of her. So, uh, we're reunited. which is good. Arguably the most famous car in the world. I can't think of another car even close to be honest. I think it might be the most famous car in the world. So, it looks like I did choose well with the color after all. You did you and that saying went ridiculously everywhere. What color is your Bugatti? Remember I said that to you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was everywhere. I I'm surprised though because I think since I got mine in a unique color, I expected to start seeing loads more colorful ones. Yeah. But people who buy them still just get red, black, and or they don't drive them. Yeah. I know a couple guys with Bugattis and they don't drive it. They're like, "Oh, maybe once a year it's gay." No, there's only you and someone else who I know who properly drives these cars. Yeah, I kicked the [ __ ] out of mine. You know, I I abuse it. That's what it's for. Yeah. So, no abusing women, but abusing Bugatti. You're going to arrest me for that. The abusing women shit's all a lie. Abusing Bugatti 100% guilty. Put me in jail. Did it. [Music] Oh, no. It's the first time you seen that. Free Bugatti. I've never I must have opened it. You have bottles for nice emergency. Bottles are very hot. Roger. As you can see, lots of storage for daddy. That's a fire extinguisher. Yeah. Let's hope it doesn't set on fire. I've had a few cars sell on fire though. Yeah, I've had a couple burn down. My tresco nearly burned me alive. Trust me. Let's try to avoid that today. Yeah. Well, Dubai globally, I don't think anyone can match it as a city. I I it has everything. What is it really missing? There's a lot of people who say it's missing soul or it feels fake. But those people are very often just broke and sad. Yeah. Because the soul of Dubai is endless winning. That's the soul of Dubai. The soul of Dubai is competing in the hardest possible flex market to still somehow win and be relevant. That's the soul of Dubai. The soul of Dubai is competitive. So I agree that Europe has a soul and you feel it because there is history and you know a certain culture and certain things that make Europe feel a particular way. However, once that's been flooded with [ __ ] knows who from [ __ ] knows where and you get stabbed to death on the street. I mean is it really worth it? Are you really going to allow your children to risk being stabbed to death as they walk to school during a knife crime epidemic because you say there's not enough soul in Dubai? Like are you gay? Like like what what are you even talking about? What's the soul of London? Chicken and chip shops. Exactly. Like so soul. Yeah. Of course. If you go to London now, whereas if you were there like 10 years ago, 20 years ago, you'd feel British. You'd feel this sense of pride. Yeah. But now it's like where the [ __ ] am I? It's done. And you're right. It was only 10 years ago London was one of the best cities in the world. Now it's completely finished. So it's very interesting when people talk about Dubai not having a soul because you're right, Europe has lost its soul. and just declined into a communist police state. Did you enjoy your time in America? It was brief, but America is a very when I'm in America, I feel like I'm in an unpredictable, chaotic environment. M Dubai feels peaceful to me because in Dubai all of the energy all the collective energy is going towards improving the city and attracting as many wealthy people as possible and solving problems in America in fact in most democratic countries but it's most tangible in America most of the energy is going towards this constant neverending civil war called democracy so you have the smartest people in America are constantly trying to win an election trying to win a midterm trying to get one up on each other, trying to get media against the other one, arresting political opponents, trying to draw up cases on me because I'm affiliated with whoever. Like, it's it's like a constant fight all the time. Do you know what I mean? And it's very decentralized. Like, you don't know who the ruler is. Like, Trump can be like, "Yeah, I'm cool with you." But then some low idiot nobody aging letters around with your name all over it because he's a jackass trying to make a name for himself and he's upset that his wife pegs him. And then you have to make it clear that he's a [ __ ] all. So you're sitting around like, "What the [ __ ] is this? Is this a country?" Like, "Who's the who's the boss here? We have Captain Peg running his mouth on [ __ ] television. I don't give a [ __ ] anymore. I'm past it. I've taken my vaccine. You can't threaten me with the law. I'm done. I've been I don't give a [ __ ] anymore." But I I don't know. It just feels chaotic, America. I can't explain it. Like so much noise is going on. Feels like I'm in a war zone. Does that make sense? I feel like I'm on edge. I feel like I can't walk around with my earphones in just blissfully walking around. Like I always feel like I have to be looking around my shoulder just in case somebody wants to [ __ ] pop me for whatever reason. Well, that's it. I mean, you always make enemies at some point. Of course you do. And and there's a lot of people who just want money or just want clout. And there's three types of people, right? There's people There's places where you have to fear the criminals and there's places where you have to fear the government. So place you have to fear the criminals is like England. No one's scared of the police. place you have to fear the government like Japan, you got to fear criminals, but if you [ __ ] with the Japanese police, you're going to jail forever. And then there's places like America, we got to fear both. You got to fear the government and the criminals. Like, everyone's trying to get you. Everyone wants your money. Everyone wants to deal with you. Like, it's it's kind of like a double whammy. I mean, obviously, it's my home country. It's a land of opportunity. I'm super glad Trump won, of course. But Dubai is peaceful. There's none of this political infighting. There's none of this garbage. Everybody has their head on straight. Nobody's talking [ __ ] And everyone's just focused on building more roads and building more luxury accommodation for the millionaires who are exodusing the west on mass. I mean, everyone's leaving. I've noticed as well, things are done very quickly. There's no [ __ ] around. Like in other places, particularly the UK, if if they want to change something or they want to build something, it's like, oh, we need to sit down in a room with like 50 people and discuss for months on end whether or not we should do this. And then by the end of it, nothing happens. You just wasted everyone's time and money. 100%. The bottom line of all this is that democracy is inefficient compared to monarch rule. The point of monarch rule is I said do this. Yes, sir. Let's do it. Democracy is a bunch of people talking. It's inefficient. We accept the inefficiency because it allows us to choose our ruler. But does it? This is the thing. If we don't get even fair votes, if we don't get to choose someone who actually has power, if choosing the prime minister doesn't change anything because the banks are secretly in charge, then why are we dealing with all the brutal inefficiency? And then you understand it's because the brutal inefficiency allows them to mask the plundering. They just steal. All of them are just raping the western governments and stealing as much as possible. US A just highlighted that. I mean, why would the king of Dubai steal from Dubai? I mean, he'll make himself rich cuz we're human, but he wants his city to do well. Yeah. Whereas anyone who gets any kind of ministerial position in a western government knows they have a few short years at most to retire their entire bloodline. So it's a big theft and uh that's been highlighted in America and it's happening absolutely everywhere else also. So yeah, once you lose the ability to even truly choose your leader, you you start to realize how ridiculous, inefficient and constantly argumentative democracy is. You know, it's like Trump just won and they're already talking about, oh, the midterms are coming up. We have to prepare for the midterms. They have to prepare for another election. They just won. I thought I thought he was supposed to be fixing the country, but he's too busy now. He has to campaign all over again. Mhm. It's wild. Madness. Truly is. So, with with you at the moment, where are you allowed to go or not allowed to go? Yeah, good question. So, first thing I'm going to try and do, I'm going to try and go where this satnav tells me cuz Dubai Roads, Dubai Roads is the one thing I say about Dubai. miss a turn. Half an hour. Yeah. 20 minutes, half an hour added. Nightmare. And it's never clear what turn it is. Yeah. So, I could technically travel anywhere I want. I can go anywhere I want. As long as I check into Romania when they ask me to, but I have to be selective with where I go because there are certain other nation states that are interested in speaking with me. Not cuz I've done anything wrong, but because I've upset the agenda. Yeah. What you know, a dying man will try any medication. When someone's dying, they'll try anything. And right now, what Great Britain is doing because it's dying. It's lost the second most millionaires in the world last year. All the money is leaving. Crimes out of control. Drugs are out of control. Police can't keep up with anything. Morale's at an all-time low. Political stability is at an all-time low. Education's at an all-time low. The NHS you can laugh at. Like, the whole place is done. They really did not like you either. Oh, well, you had the kids in school asking the teachers, "What pillars you'll get?" Well, well, the main Yeah. What can they say back to that? That's right. I haven't got one. The big problem with England is that they can't fix their problems. So, what they want to do is deal with the person who highlights the problems, which is me. They can't fix any of it. So, they're saying, "Well, who's talking about this? This guy. Well, we can't fix this. So, let's make let's at least make the guy pointing it out go away." And that's why they're trying to pretend I'm somehow dangerous. Not the people who stab everyone on the street. Not the people who do drugs. Not the unlimited migrants arriving by boat without passports. No, me, the man with no criminal conviction who talks on the internet about getting strong and sticking up for what you believe in. I'm the bad guy. So then what they do is once they decide to take you take a man down is they call 100 ex-girlfriends or 100 women you do and they only need a 1% success rate. Yeah. They only need one out of the 100. One out of a thousand. They can go with a 0.1% success rate. If they can get one silly [ __ ] to lie, now you're [ __ ] It's crazy because 27% of women are on anti-depressants. So they're basically because they're basically clinically nuts. So 27 of that 100 can't even think straight cuz they're on drugs. Yeah. For and that's that's prescription drugs. Forget recreational drugs. That's probably 70%. And you're telling me when you're famous and rich, they can't find some bitter ex-girlfriend full of [ __ ] value to tell a lie to wreck your life? Of course they can. And that's what they do. They just go through, they use women as the weapon. Women are the agents of Satan in this way. And they just sit a woman down and say, "Did Andrew ever hurt you?" And even if you, she says no, they'll say, "Well, look, you're in trouble if you don't say he did." And women [ __ ] their pants. And they're like, "Well, he ain't paying my bills. I don't even talk to him anymore. I'm scared." And they just sign and they wreck you. So the whole thing's a setup. Yeah. Well, how do you even deal with that now? Like surely you there's very There must be a tiny circle of people that you actually trust now. Oh, absolutely. I mean, just put me off talking to girls. That's a [ __ ] truth. Like when girls come up to me and it's funny since I became a human trafficker, the amount of female attention I get is unprecedented. It's [ __ ] ridiculous. I've seen I've seen videos. Women are actually cod. Oh, they come up to me and they offer me their begging for phones and offering me their numbers and everything. Women are all over me and they all say, "Please human traffic me and all this shit." And I'm like, I've retired. Like I get endless females begging for me. But it's just now, is the juice worth the squeeze? Yeah. You know, like what am I going to do? What's going to end up happening? We're going to have sex, which is me putting in the work for her. Who gives a [ __ ] I'm giving. I'm not giving. Yeah. You're giving your energy. That's right. I'm going to end up probably paying her bills or paying her dinners. I have to protect and provide for her. I'm at risk. She gets clout. Like, what do I get out of any of this? So, women become far less interesting. So, it's kind of it's kind of the age-old adage, you know, like when you're broke, you really want money, then you get some money and you don't really care. Or when you want [ __ ] it's the most important thing in the world. And once you have girls, you don't want them. It's like it's like human nature. It's like one of those things in life where when you're young, it's like the thing one of the things you want the most. Then once you get it and experience it, you're like, well, actually, this is it's a lot of work. That's right. So then you have to go deeper down and find out what's actually worth living for. And children is one of them. Purpose is the other one. And if you're going to analyze purpose, purpose is often going to come with some degree of war at some level. There's no such thing as light without dark. There's never been a king in human history who had a kingdom he didn't have to defend. Soon as you become a king, that's it. You're the king. Oh, great. And everyone's looking at you. It's a sort of damaged. Everyone's looking at you and jealous of you. Oh, everyone knows who he is and he's the king and he's famous. He can eat any girl he wants and he has hundreds of millions of dollars and stuff. Yeah, that's all great, but you have to prepare for war permanently. I kind of think maybe there's balance in the universe whereas the people who couldn't handle the problems would never end up in the position where they have those problems. Does that make sense? Like if you can't deal with the stress you'd walk away. Yeah. You'd run away from it. Yeah. So like you earn everything you have in this life and you earn your kingdom and you earn protecting your kingdom. So I was saying to you and I was saying to a lot of people on interviews before I got arrested, they're going to come for me. I knew I know how the world works. Yeah. Like the the world is a battle for influence at all times. and I had influence and I was unchecked. They kept trying to offer me money for sponsorship deals to make me sell out to Israel or sell out to LGBT or whoever. I kept saying no to the money. Sooner or later, they're like, "Oh, this jackass thinks he's smart. Teach him a lesson." I know how the world works. Like, well, I I admire the fact that you did not give up. You just kept going. Like, regardless of all the [ __ ] that was happening, all the hate you were getting, especially when it all popped off and you were getting cancelled. I know the real you. I know what you're like. And all this [ __ ] that was being spread, I was like, it's just it's all false. The amount of people were falling for it. And I was like, you don't even [ __ ] know the guy. Haven't even taken the time to sit and listen to a podcast he's done. 100%. And I think with I think with me there is a a revenge of the nerds factor. I think, you know, there's some degree of this guy, you know, he's he's big and he's wellknown and he's clearly smart and he's very successful and so the only thing they can say bad about me is I'm a bad person, you know, morality. They can't attack any of my achievements. So, they're like, "Okay, well, he's a bad person, though." Like, why? Cuz of this old video, there's 3 seconds of a 40minute video where this like they're literally blowing children to [ __ ] pieces in Gaza right now. What? What planet are you on? Yeah. And if you look through anyone's life, everybody has skeletons. I would argue that considering mine have been aired to the world by federal agencies. They're really not that bad. What are they old YouTube videos and a few private WhatsApps with Tristan where I call a stupid [ __ ] a stupid [ __ ] She was stupid. I don't regret anything I said cuz she was a [ __ ] idiot. Like, so I don't know what they expect me to do. Like bend over and say sorry. I don't give a [ __ ] I mean what I say. I say what I mean. And there's a whole bunch of people out here with worse than me. All the [ __ ] BBC reporters, they got child porn in their closets. What the [ __ ] they coming at me for? And and nobody's mad at them. No one's writing about Hugh Edwards or Philip Scoffield and how they're pieces of [ __ ] Everyone lets them off, but they're going to attack me all day. And I think a lot of that's because my Batty's in their face and they ain't got one. So, there's revenge of the nerds element to all of this. But I also don't think they realize all the haters, how much they help my brand because there's no light without dark. And there's a lot of conversation around me and you can't have a conversation unless someone thinks yes and someone thinks no, you know, and that causes a debate and I just benefit in the end of it. Like I don't I don't give a [ __ ] So you know the year that summer or the year itself when you blew up. Is there anything you would have done differently? Cuz to some extent you had no control over what clips were getting chopped up and put out there like Yeah, you're right. to some extent. I mean, maybe I could have had the foresight to go through all of my old content ever. Bros, 10 years of videos like and find the few seconds that will end up. But then you never know what's going to go viral. Like that off the cuff remark about what color should be. I never expected to see it 10 million times. Yeah. It's everywhere. Yeah. So, you never know what's going to really go viral. And also, like I'm from the street. I'm from Luton. I grew up. We make jokes. We have dark sense of humor. Like the jokes that me and my friends and our people find funny. Yeah. Yeah. It's just there's always going to be some [ __ ] on the internet who's going to pretend it's the worst thing ever. Like my my friendship group is named racism. Like that's what the group chat's called. Like that's the kind of stuff we do. So even if I would have had the foresight, I would have gone through and thought, "Ah, that's just funny. That's just a joke." People could not understand that you were just [ __ ] around and it's like satire. It's not It's not real. It's just a joke. It's like comedians, they get let off the hook because it's their job. They're a comedians. They can say wild [ __ ] but for some reason you can't. You're not allowed to. Yeah. And I think it's once again, it's selective outrage. It's false morality. It's actually weaponized morality. When someone's trying to call you a bad person, they pretend they're holier than Val and they sit there and they go, "Ah, this person's bad. Look at this joke." As if that guy insulting me isn't watching porn and yelling at his wife. Like, everyone's human. Yeah. Like who the [ __ ] are these people to even throw stones? But you know, I think everyone has now come to realize that's what you're like cuz you were you were completely unhinged like before you popped off, then you popped off, then everybody was analyzing what you were saying. Then there was a cancellation and then I think there was a phase where you kind of had to rebrand yourself a little bit because everybody was literally trying to get you for anything for anything. And then now it's kind of gone back the other way. And I think the world in general is, you know, they're not as maybe not as sensitive as it used to be cuz definitely a couple years ago when the whole woke culture was at his peak, it was just you couldn't say anything. Well, you couldn't say anything and you couldn't do anything and you couldn't point out objective reality. I mean, once you once you had to pretend a man was a woman cuz he put a wig on. Well, now you can't say anything. That's true. Cuz we're living in a full false paradigm. the absolute slave mind was inject the slave mind was inflicted upon the entire population. And there are people who will say you're a bad person for pointing out objective reality. For saying a trans person is not really trans, you're a bad person. Or for saying that women are not as good at driving or not as strong as men makes you a bad person. No, it makes you a realist. Yeah. And if you're a realist, you're going to say certain things which are going to upset others. Like I like to pride myself on being hyper realistic. So, are some of my opinions racist, misogynistic, or homophobic? Yes, I guess because I'm realistic. I'm a realist. Yeah. And you're unapologetically yourself. I'm unapologetically about it because I believe that that's how you win in this world. To be as competitive as possible, you need the best data set. The best data set's reality. So, and I'm not saying exceptions don't disprove the rule. Of course, you can get supercar blondie or someone in here and she could drive great. Of course, I'm talking in general. Yeah. if you in general because you have to make general points when you're on the internet. You can't make a point because people have said this to me. They say, "Oh, but you make such generalized points and what about this person?" Well, exceptions don't disprove the rule. If I say the sky is blue, everyone knows what I'm talking about. I can't talk. I can't get my point across if I say the sky is blue unless it's raining, then it's gray. Unless it's a sunset, then it's red. But most of the time it's blue. But sometimes it's other colors. Like, how do you talk that way? Yeah. So, I just say women can't drive cuz most of them [ __ ] can. Sorry, Kier Starmer. Add it to the [ __ ] criminal file cuz they can't [ __ ] drive. I don't trust them. So, what's what's the situation with your your social media accounts? Cuz I don't understand after especially after Trump came into power and he was pushing free speech and then Zuckerberg was like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah. We also agree with the whole free speech thing." Why the [ __ ] have you not got your Instagram back? That's a great question and uh I don't want to insult Zuck. I don't know his entire story, but from what I've seen, it looks like he bend to the wills of the Democrats and do whatever they wanted and censored everyone and destroyed everyone's life and hit Hunter Biden's laptop and hit COVID and literally did genuine damage to the American population. Like he did criminal acts. This is criminal. And now the Republican has come come along. He's flipped 180 and he's pretending. How much of him, if this is actually genuine from him and how much of it is him just trying to save his own skin and flipping back and forth, I don't know. But he hasn't restored me. So, I guess that says a lot. It's cuz he should restore me. But I'm banned on YouTube also. I'm banned on Tik Tok also. I'm banned on Skype. I'm banned on Uber. I'm banned on Gmail. I'm banned on WhatsApp. I'm banned on Airbnb. Like, you name an app, I'm banned. Well, I remember I remember there was a phase after the cancellation where they they were deleting or shadow banning accounts. Wait, wait. We just made the wrong turn. We just did it. Typical. Let's see how much extra time has. Hey, there it is. 9 minutes. 9 minutes. 5 minutes. Uh, yeah. So there was a phase where anybody who was uploading content with your face or your voice, I don't know how the [ __ ] they were able to detect it, it was getting removed and then those accounts were also getting shadowbanned. But I feel like it's not as strict as it used to be anymore. No, it's not with YouTube and Meta. With YouTube and Meta, you can get away with posting me, but Tik Tok you can. Okay. Tik Tok Tik Tok to be to be fair. I mean, there was a time it was Tik Tok. There was a time I ran Tik Tok. I used Tik Tok. You couldn't get rid of me and Tik Tok got very upset by that for a few reasons. One, I think because they launched Tik Tok store and I was selling obviously my school which teaches people how to make money online via Tik Tok and I wasn't using their store. So I made hundreds of millions of dollars without Tik Tok getting a penny which pissed them off. That's the first thing. And I feel like no one can do to Tik Tok what I did. I think they changed everything to make sure no one else pulls that off again. Yeah. That you literally changed the game. I literally changed the game and then Tik Tok was going to get banned by the American government. They were in Senate and they were talking about how dangerous Tik Tok is and the Chinese own it and all this [ __ ] Whether that's true or false, but at the time the Democrats were in charge and the Democrats don't like me. So Tik Tok was desperate to save its skin to get rid of me. And I would argue that Tik Tok is the only platform that has successfully got rid of me. Like Meta hasn't banned me. YouTube hasn't banned me. I'm all over them. Even if other people post me, I'm all over it. But Tik Tok, you can't post anything of me. They will take it down so fast. And not just me. It can be a cartoon version of me. It could be me with a voice changer. It could be me inverted so the AI can't detect it. It can be the back of my head. It could be my Bugatti. It can be my house in Romania. It can be anything associated with me. But it's weird though cuz technically it's owned by China. So what? I would I would imagine China got a problem with you. No, I don't think China do, but they were just trying to keep their app. Are they going to the airport? [ __ ] hell. Dubai, bro. Dubai. Yeah, guys, we are terminal 3. Terminal 3. Yeah. Hope I don't end up having to park and [ __ ] You got the jet there waiting for us. Where are we off to? Oh, it's back. It's back collecting uh wives. It'll be back soon. Um, yeah. So, we're in the airport, but uh, Tik Tok has successfully banned me, but I think they were just trying to save their skin because they were they were scared of getting banned and they got banned anyway. And now there's a buy bid going through. A lot of different billionaires are putting in money to try and get Tik Tok. There's a guy called Rick who's an American billionaire out of Wisconsin. I looked him up. I didn't really know much about him, but I was just researching who's going to buy Tik Tok. And I looked him up and he seems like a good guy. He really wants to make America uh, Tik Tok American again. seems really patriotic. So, I hope he gets it and then I hope free speech comes back. There is nothing the news can say about somebody that I will instantly believe. I just don't believe them. I'm like, I don't care what you say cuz you lie. Well, the moment they they go after someone, I'm like, "Oh, okay. I actually I'll respect that person more." Well, this is the thing. In an empire of lies, you have to make the bad people look good and the good people look bad. Michelle Obama just launched her podcast. No one watches it. Everyone's making fun of her. I thought she was adored because the media and the matrix and the machine convinces you that everyone loves Michelle Obama. Turns out once you put her out in the free market of ideas, she's hated. And let's look at the inverse. The media, the newspapers will convince you that I am hated. I can't walk down the street without crowds screaming my name. I'm loved. So the good people are talked about as if they're bad, like Trump. And the bad guys are talked about as if they're good. We're living in literally upside down world. And they're doing that to keep us off center so that we can never gather our spirit and powers long enough to unite and prevent ourselves from being perma [ __ ] because that's what's happening now in Western democracies. The average man is getting perma [ __ ] in every way. His wife doesn't respect him. The kids are learning [ __ ] in school. He has no chance of a retirement, no chance of being rich. He's not even respected. The average man's going out there building the roads, bro, and no one has respect for him. How can you sit in the sun all day long building roads and when you meet a woman, her be like, "I don't want to be with a builder. I want to be with a guy who's a millionaire who can buy me a handbag." [ __ ] those roads. You need roads. What the [ __ ] do you do? Instagram selfies suck dick, bro. They don't do anything, these chicks. But they want to look down on men who do honest, hard labor. Like the whole world's [ __ ] and they want to keep us off kilter so no one realizes that. The reason they fear me so heavily is because I'm I'm effectively a men's right activist. I say, "Well, men are allowed to want things, too." They say, "Well, we want a man who's rich and we want a man who's successful and high value and good-looking and tall. That's what I want." Say, "I don't want a hoe." What? And then they lose their mind. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't want a girl who's f I don't want a tunnel, you know? Like, why are we not allowed standards? Well, I think you came into the scene when it was needed most. That's one of the reasons why you had so much popularity is because like [ __ ] finally someone is saying it. Someone is standing up for the men. Absolutely. And and and no one's standing up for men. And let's remember men more men go to jail, more men commit suicide, more men are depressed. Men's lives are much worse than women's lives. The average male life sucks. Even if you're an average female, if you get in enough group or if you're sexually liberated enough, you'll end up on a millionaire's table to live a millionaire's life as an average ass chick. Cheerleader effect. We can have three nines and a seven. Who cares? You know, like, who gives a [ __ ] As an average dude, that doesn't happen. So, yeah, as a man, it's this constant neverending quest to become the top 1%, which is extremely difficult to do. And then you have a life worth living. But if you're a female, you don't have that quest. The woman doesn't wake up the way I wake up. I've already got hundreds of millions of dollars and I'm arguably one of the most well-known people on the planet. And I've succeeded plenty. But when I wake up in a morning, I still have instant anxiety. Like, [ __ ] so much to get done. [ __ ] Okay. Bang. And the girls I wake up with, girl, girls, however many there are, they wake up and like, ah, yeah. Uh, I'll take selfies today. I oops, we lost a camera. uh I'll take selfies today or they wake up with so much peace and so much time like, "Oh, I'll have breakfast. I think I'll sit by the pool and work it out later." And and that's actually beautiful because that's feminine. I don't want a woman who wakes up like a soldier. Yeah. But the masculine imperative is the opposite. Yeah. It's so [ __ ] competitive, especially in today's world with social media. Even me just living out here, like you look around, you see how much wealth there is, how many guys are kind of working on themselves, self-improvement. Like even though I've achieved a fair amount, there's still other people out there where I'm thinking, "No, no, no, no." Like, "I need to be I need to be the top dog." Yeah. Because if you're not like that woman who you're dating or you're seeing, she's always going to have her eyes looking around for who who who's the best she can get. 100%. Even if she's talking to a a number of different guys, I always want to make sure I'm the top one. I'm first choice. That's the masculine imperative, right? We all want to be the king of the empire. And that's what built the modern world. All of this [ __ ] everything around us, the roads we're driving on, the buildings we see, electricity, this Bugatti, whatever you name, the camera, doesn't matter what it is, all of it was created and invented and built by men because men want to [ __ ] That's it. Yeah. men trying to access females built the entire world. So, it's a very powerful driving force. Yeah. And it's the it's basically the driving force behind all things, but now it's all completely skewed. And there's a bunch of men who realize they'll never stand a chance. So, they're checking out of the game. And that's why you have 30 40% of men just don't even talk to girls anymore. Why deal with the risk and the headache and the bills and the problems of these entitled females who don't even have respect for the honest hard work you put in as a full grown man? The Lambo would sneak under here, by the way. The Lambo would sneak under, but we got the Bugatti. Let's We can try. Ah, so I'm scared. I was about to [ __ ] my Bugatti up for the video. You see my commitment? You see my commitment to the pod? Ah, how much is the new windscreen? 400 grand. No big deal. Let's just change it. Drive the current insect for a week. By the way, did Bugatti ever reach out to you? Like, cuz that was probably the best marketing that they could have possibly ever wished for. It was. But you know what? Bugatti are French, you know. He said he seen he says weird things on the internet. They probably like it one side and the other side they're probably crying their eyes out. You know, they're French. How many French people do you like? I don't have any French friends. Me neither. So, um, let's leave it at that. I just park here. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think they owe you a guy to be honest. I think they owe me a [ __ ] couple to be honest. Right. So, we're at Oxygen Gym opened a couple months ago. This is probably one of Dubai's best gyms in terms of the equipment, just the size, the facility, no females, no music, strictly halal environment, no distractions. Sounds good. Sounds good. Get the job done. brownie. We get Andrew his 17th coffee of the day. Exactly. Two ice americanos and uh two ice lattes. Muscle sandwich and a muscle sandwich. I have to try and compete with Mr. Big here. I'm trying to do my best. The reason I don't do videos is because what they do is they say, "Well, can you do a video for my cousin Shane?" And you say, "Oh, hey, Shane. Good to see you. See you soon." Whatever. Some [ __ ] Shane then runs around and raises money for cryptocurrency pretending he's a [ __ ] business partner. It's happened to me twice, bro. Twice. And I ended up getting the court documents. I get subpoenaed to court for fraud. I'm like, what the [ __ ] I even met this guy. I got this going on in Turkey right now. Some dude in Turkey took a selfie with me and raised a bunch of money. Twisting it into a testimonial. Wild. So now they're like, "Can you do a video for my friend?" I'm like, "No, no way." What What's the best way to if someone's going to approach you? How do they do it without pissing you off? Yeah, a lot of them a lot of them are okay and they're quite respectful. I think there's just a time and a place like if we're filming something, they should see we're filming or if I'm eating with my kid, I'm eating with my kid. If I'm walking around, I'm I'm pretty okay with it. I try and do as many as I can. I don't like to say no. What I actually hate is when they run. Yeah. Behind. Yeah. They're standing there. You're like, "What the Whoa. What the fuck?" Yeah. It scares me. Dubai not so bad, but when people were running up on me in Miami, I stopped leaving the house like [ __ ] this. It's [ __ ] bigger than mine. What the [ __ ] Pushups now. There's a couple push-ups here and there. Just let him take the workout today. That's right. Here we [ __ ] go. Try everything. Anything in particular you want to train or just overall upper body? You're the boss, bro. I don't care. This is your specialty. The lateral super incline press. Sounds like the kind of thing Mike would do for I'm just going to quickly do a couple drop sets of isolateral super incline presses. This is super incline as well. Holy [ __ ] Here I am in my [ __ ] swim shorts with my watch on doing my superal. Did you just warm up? Yeah. I don't believe in warm-ups. Sorry. Can't do a warm up. Let's go. Don't believe in warm ups. It's against my It's against my coming from the guy with a [ __ ] torn bicep. That's Yeah, that was that was round eight. I was warmed up by then. That was round eight. Warm ups are against my religion. Guys, you should probably warm up. Listen to Mike. All right. Don't listen to me. What is your like training routine like at the moment? Is it a routine or is it just staying I'm always in different places and I can't go to public gyms for reasons. What are we doing? Stewart and so I just it's just whatever I can get a hold of. Most of the time it's just dumbbells and I just [ __ ] around with them in the garden. I just I just I just get dumbbells and just shoulder press. I see. Yeah, I just do that for like a day. Why you do that though? Cuz you Cuz I'm sitting down when I'm on my computer. Yeah. And there's a lot of sitting down on the computer. I have lots of work to do. That's my workout regimen. It's like what can I do at the same time as manage the empire right [Music] coffee complete day 80 kilo here that's a lot eight how many how many did you do eight eight you are pretty [ __ ] strong you press it am I all right so we got 80 kilo in the last video nor did Bradley you keeping up with us doing all [Music] Hey, [Music] yes. Let's try. I don't know strength benchmarks. I don't know. But isn't 100 kilo like an objective for some people to bench? Like to pull off. When I was uh university, when I just signed up, my goal was to do 10 reps on 100 kg. And the moment I did that, I felt like I was [ __ ] man. Superman, huh? It took like nearly a year. But I remember when I did it cuz when I first held the bar all over the place. [Music] [Music] Hey, nice. Got it. Have you got any goals like in terms of the your physique, the way you look? You you working on anything or you pretty content? I'm telling you, bro. I I I have I like to train every day because it's good for my mind. Yeah. But it depends on the day I have. If I'm in some random hotel and I have nothing, I just do push-ups. If I have like at home now, I have some dumbbells like 12 kilo each. Yeah. So, I'll just do a couple thousand overhead presses from my laptop. I just randomly choose what I've got at the day. I never go gym. Yeah. About time usually. So you look you random. You look more facially chiseled compared to last time. I think I've lost I think I've lost some weight though. I'm like 91 kilo now. I used to be like 95. I'm 91 now. So I'm getting skinny. Stress one meal a day. Say again. Still on one meal a day. One meal a day. Yeah. And coffees. Speaking of Thank you. Look at that swampman. Yes, please. We get the boss man on here. Show us what you can do. You You want to do a set of record and we're going to try and beat it. Let's put 30 on each side. So, it's 60 kilo and do as many as you can and we're going to try and do it. So, let's take one of the 20s off each one. You want to warm up, but you're going to be okay. It's fine. It's fine. You better not need to warm up. He's my bodyguard. There's no time for warming up on the street. Okay. goes. It goes, bro. There's no time to to start [Music] stretching. Pretty much 27. Mr. Endurance. That's what you want to Mr. Endurance. That's what I want to try. Endurance. It's my only chance of winning. I [ __ ] hate endurance. It's my only chance of winning. This is my go set the record. Set the record and I'm going to try and beat her. Going second gives you an advantage, though. Yes, sir. 20. Come [Music] on. Push. [Music] 25. You do know that going second is a huge cheat. I'm going to admit now that I'm going second makes it easy because I'm definitely going to do 26. 100% going to do 26. And if I went first, I would have done 25 and he would have done 26. That's what's annoying about it. Going second is a cheat. So for the next one, I have to go first, I guess. [Music] 26 4 easy. If I do train weights though, I do like like this like middle kind of heavy weight. Loads and loads and loads of reps. Yeah. I never go heavy cuz I hurt myself. I don't know how close how close do you get to your max without hurting yourself? It's all about a form and a technique. Oh, I don't have that. Yeah, I don't have form or technique. I just move. I got 17 years of perfected form, so I know of course I know what I can handle. I've got 17 coffees. He's quite strong, eh? The security guard will take both. Both of them are [ __ ] strong. Whenever it comes to endurance, he'll he'll smoke me. Am I Am I doing this or am I doing it like this? Push down. Then drive up. There we go. That's better. Slow down. Oh, slow. Slow it down. We don't need to go fast with these. We do. We do not. Does it Does it Do you build a different kind of muscle depending on the speed you do? Yeah. You just got uh number one, there's more tension on the working muscle. Number two, when you slow it down, you have more control. You have more time to think about which fibers are doing the work. Sometimes if you go too fast, you can't control what is doing what. I would 100% agree with that. Yeah. I just feel like, and I know nothing, in case this goes viral in the fitness community, [Music] [ __ ] off, dorks. You get the science the fitness science community. I feel like if I do it quickly, I build muscle that's quicker. Is that is that real? If you if you're doing fast explosive reps, then you're working on that explosive power. I'm just trying to be as fast as possible, you know, cuz big men coming after me. I got to just be quick. I'm [ __ ] I'll be like, "It's coming. It's coming. It's coming." Would you ever get back in the ring again? Yeah. I'm going to have to I mean, I've been offered $100 million. I'm going to have to go beat someone up for 100 mil, aren't I? Who would you want it to be? Who wants? Yeah. I don't for that kind of money. I don't give a [ __ ] who do I want. Who do I dislike? I'm I'm full of love. I don't dislike anyone. I like there's a whole bunch of people who dislike me and talk [ __ ] about me. I don't care. I have no emotional interest in other people. I'm too selfish to dislike anyone. What would you give? [ __ ] Would it be Jake Paul, McGregor, Mayweather? I mean, those are names that would sell. So, I guess whoever pays me 100 mil would want to choose a name that sells for obvious reasons. Uh, do I want to like fight? Do I want to hurt these people? No. Well, the thing is as well is like there is quite a lot to lose. Like if you were imagine if you got knocked out, you lose a lot of horror. It's true, but that wouldn't happen. Yeah, it's true, but that's impossible. You can't have that much. No, that's impossible. Like, it's not going to happen. So, I'm not worried about that. That's imaginary. That's not struck by lightning. Like, that's not real. I'll win. There's no doubt about it. I'll win. It's just who do I want to win over? We'll see. But, you know, I've still got fights ongoing. I'm fighting the legal system. I've already got my fights right now. I've got battles. I've got enough going on. And [Music] nice treat like Mikey T. Hopefully. So weird doing it slowly. Yeah. [Music] Burns though, isn't it? I suppose it's a different burn. It feels just feels different. Yeah, it is [ __ ] boring. But I love it. I don't know why. I just [ __ ] love it. No, I've got I've gotten and I need and you know what? I've been working pretty hard. I need to enjoy my life as well. Like you remember last time when I was saying like do you ever get some downtime? You were like, "Oh, I should probably take a page out of your book, sit around the pool." Yeah. Mr. [ __ ] muscles by the pool and his sheet is [ __ ] girls. I've seen her Instagram. I know him. Mr. [ __ ] Thirsten. When am I at the pool? Never. Where's my women at home? Do you even get time by yourself? I have never seen you alone unless you're just in a room filming something. Literally none. If I like yesterday, every day somehow ends up being full. Like it's ridiculous. I woke up today at like 6:00 6:30. I had to go do a second part of my medical test for here. I had to go film collecting a bunch of watches. I did that and then I went home, got the daddy, came here to see you. I'm with you till 8:00 or 9:00 and then I have to meet a friend around 10:00. I'll go to bed at like 1:00 and I'll be up at 6:00 again. Every day is the same. I have no time for anything. Did you miss that? I don't know if I'd be bored. Maybe. I do. I do kind of miss it. Sometimes sometimes I feel like it'd be nice to just get in the car and go try driving around with my chick or whatever like I used to. But even if it's yourself, just have a conversation with yourself and reflect and think. Yeah. I don't When the [ __ ] do you get to think these days? Don't have any of that. No, none of that. Unfortunately, every day is ridiculous. I And I say that and they go, "It can't really be every day." It literally is. Every day is ridiculous. Remember when you when you were here last time when we went to a couple parties still like there was work to be done. You couldn't you couldn't you had like a table full of girls wanted to talk to you and you were like now I got business to do all the 100%. Girls don't pay my bills I pay theirs. [ __ ] them. What do women give me? I mean I need children cuz I'm Genghaskhan and I want 30 40 kids. But besides women I can't think of anything that a woman adds to my life. People will say emotional support. That's a [ __ ] lie. You know where you get emotional support from? Your brothers and guys. You You go to your [ __ ] chick for emotional support. She just leaves. If you have a problem, the best you can do is say, "Oh, it'll be fine. It'll be okay." Back to Netflix. They don't give a [ __ ] What do women add to my life besides children? That's it. I want kids. I don't really want to be sitting around talking to some [ __ ] and [ __ ] taking her mouse off and buying her [ __ ] I maybe I'm boring. I just like this is boring. I don't see what I'm getting out of this. Boyfriend of the year. I was My girls are like, "You're you're basically a billionaire." And like, "Yeah, I'm basically a billionaire. You go nowhere. Sit home." I was a sucker for that. But it it like that's like a week of your life. Yeah. Like to entertain. Yeah. Make sure she has a great time. 100%. And what do you get at the end of it? Nothing. Anxiety. You've been away from work for a week. 100%. Even Even some dudes think they get sex, but I don't think you get sex as a man. I think you give sex. Women want sex more than men do. And we're giving it to them. We do all the work. I know this. I have morning sex. I try and train legs. Yeah, you're [ __ ] Not the best leg work. Yep. So, I just want children and to work on my empire until they eventually shoot me. Maybe if I do these slow enough, my muscles will become bulletproof and I can the bullets will bounce off of me. Is that nine? [Music] Maybe, maybe. But yeah, like sometimes I like to go to a beach club, have a shoe show, whatever. I'm trying to think what I do for fun. Driving cars is the only thing I do for fun. And I only do that in Europe cuz it's the only place you can race around at 300 miles an hour. In Dubai, there's no point even you can't even drive fast. And I wouldn't at least in Dubai, you don't get black points. You just get peppered with fines. Yeah. But it's it's not the most scenic. No, but like I like the bendy mountain roads through Dracula. Like you have to come Romania one time. I have to show it to you. And and I'm not saying it's better than anywhere else you've been. I am just saying that it's unique. Yeah. Because most places in the world nowadays feel the same. If you go to Ivita Mkos and you're at a beach club, how different is it? It's the same. If you go to a high street in France or Germany, same stores, same shops, same all feels the same. Romania is one of those places on the planet where you look around and go, "Okay, I've never been anywhere like this." It feels unique, which makes it cool cuz that's hard to find nowadays. Yeah. So, we'll we'll we'll race around the mountains and we'll sleep in Dracula's castle. We'll play poker. Try and bankrupt you. Be fine. You bought that castle. Yeah. We were building a castle. Hamburg. Where? No, not Hung. Hungry. I do not own any castles in Hungary. Well, don't have to. Leave it in. I'm such a troll. I can't help it. When I'm sitting with the cops and I'm just like, you know, you didn't find all my stuff. I just have to tell them. I just can't stop myself. You know when you're like a kid and your parents are telling you off and they're saying, "You better not talk again and you're just like and you can't help it." That's me sitting there with the police. You have three castles. That's me sitting there with the police. They're like, "Oh, and we're going to seize this much from you." I was like, "You didn't find anything. So [ __ ] take it." I got a big mouth. I can't help. No, they hate you. I have a big mouth. It's funny though. Can I bite you for a second? I'm a big fan. Thank you for your service. Thank you, bro. I found my long lost brother, Mr. Tate. The real PUBG. You're parked next to my car, right? Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, which color guy? Love you, man. Thank you. Have a good day, Mike. Thanks, guys. Thanks. It's like a bent over row. Sick. But your your ass is just supported. Sick. Just bend over row. I always do. So, I always do like one more set. Tell tell the muscles what's going to happen. Then I My muscles are not allowed to know in advance. You got to shock them. I have to shock them. So I have to quickly like the the punch is coming. [ __ ] You know, no warm up. Why do you need coffee? How old are you now? How old do I look? Oh, for [ __ ] sake. 30. Such a female. 35 36. 34. 34. 35 this year. I was told when this happened that your elasticity and your attendance decreases as you age or some [ __ ] and once you're past 30 it's common this injury the bicep happens a lot with tennis players. Yeah. Well, anybody who plays football they ruin their Achilles is definitely more fragile but I I don't know when the prime is. Yeah. I don't think I've even hit the prime. I feel strong as [ __ ] if I didn't have this. But this doesn't even bother me really. I can feel a loss of strength in my left arm a bit, but people just mention it all the time, so I'm mentioning it. But I feel just as good. The only thing I notice is that I heal slowly. Yeah, there's so much stuff out there now. If you got the money and the resources, if I could just get rich. What do I need? Stem cells or some [ __ ] I need stem cells. Are they good? It's really hard to track and see. Okay, so how much of an effect did it have? Yeah, but I would say I'm definitely I feel stronger. Yeah. And I have more energy. Stem cells. Maybe I should try that. Cuz currently it's just coffee and cigars. Yeah. I mean, coffee and cigars, though. You combine the two. Nicotine plus caffeine, it's all equal protein. Yeah. Testosterone. Testosterone, which I have naturally. I don't I don't take anything. You know, more plates, more dates. He's He's uh Yeah, I've done a blood test with him supposedly coming out soon. Oh, really? So, you got to make a video. Yeah. See, see how See, see what's in the system. Van route. Coffee. Coffee. I'm a normal. Call me in cigars. You'll be fine. I need to fix all of this stuff. As soon as I started filming myself when I started YouTube in 2016, I was like, "Oh, [ __ ] I'm going to get called out here." So, I need to make sure I'm doing it right. But, um, I do I do boxing like three or four times a week. Really? Do you? Yeah. You You're a boxer. Little bit. A kickboxer actually. I just stopped kicking cuz I got lazy. Kicks take too much energy. Can you still get your leg high? I can still do it, but I just prefer to punch. Cuz I can punch in the garden. Like if you kick box, you need like a mat. In the garden, you just put shoes on, put gloves on, box. So straight back. So So your feet a little bit higher. Y straight. You feel pull on your hamstring? Yeah. Straighten up. Stick your ass out. Yeah. Like this. All right. 10. Okay. [Music] shoulders. Yes. Much better. So much technique involved. There really is. Yeah. Well, I remember when you teached me how to punch, I was pretty [ __ ] at that, wouldn't they? I wouldn't think you're [ __ ] but there's a way to do it and there's a way to do it. When it comes to fighting, anyone can hit hard. Like, any jackass on the street can come up and hit you in the face. It's going to [ __ ] hurt. The art is not getting hit and also being able to be as energy efficient as possible so you can punch for as long as possible. That's the thing. If you pivot and use your weight and you can get a hard punch without cuz if you do this you get tired. That's all it is. Stamina. Yeah. Fighting stamina. If you're fighting in a club that doesn't matter. You got [ __ ] 20 seconds. That's over. So a lot of people when we did our last video the amount of comments people saying that you're a good coach. Yeah. Yeah. Should open a gym, shouldn't I? Tate Tate's hell pit where people come to suffer and die. Is the uh the war room still going strong? War still going strong. But Dubai is full of war room members. They got like 100 members here or something in this one city. See him everywhere. It's kind of like fight club. You know Tyler Dur keeps running into people. People keep coming up to me go I'm in the war room. I'm like it's crazy. It was funny. There was after you blew up there was a lot of people trying to imitate you. Like they were trying to be the next Especially when you were off the scene. You were in jail. Everyone's like, "Ah, who's going to take the crown?" But nobody can do it. Yeah, there's a there's a unique blend that I think makes my brand. But the truth the truth about it now, especially at the current point I'm in, uh, there's a lot of suffering involved in my brand. Like, it's it's quite difficult to just get a nice car and get some money and say all these motivational things. It's motivation and when you're speaking to try and fire people up, a lot of that comes from a place of pain. And I'm I'm fortunate enough to have had enough negative experiences that I can articulate in a way that make people understand. If you don't have negative experiences, then what the [ __ ] you talking about? Yeah. Well, I've seen here a lot of people have come into money, but it's like, well, what else have you done? That's right. You got you've got a crypto pump. Who gives a [ __ ] Yeah. No one gives a [ __ ] right? I part of me kind of hopes that they send me down for 20 years cuz I'll come out with the best stories. I will. I don't care. I'll keep having kids and I'll hopefully go to some Eastern European group for 20 years. Come out with a long beard. Imagine that podcast. He'll He'll still have m Mr. [ __ ] muscles. Will still be there. You'll look the same. I'll look like [ __ ] I'll look like [ __ ] You'll be full of stem cells. It'll be great. That's what life's for. As a man, life's for stories. And if you want to have an interesting story, there has to be danger or pain involved. If there's no if there's no risk of danger or there's no pain involved, how interesting can the story be? Think about it. Like the coolest stories are explorers who risk their lives or fighters who go get hurt or whatever. If I were to tell you right now, tell me your coolest story. It would be when something bad almost happened or did happen. It's life. And so this Romania [ __ ] it's a cool [ __ ] story. I mean, it sucks, but at the time at the time it sucks. No, no, it it sucks, but it's a story. Yeah. So, it's just like [ __ ] it. Yeah. Whenever something is going really bad in your life, you say, "Well, one day, one day is just look back and it's going to be funny." Unless they break you, it it's always funny. Unless they break you. So, as long as you can resist here to the end, one day you're going to look back and just laugh. I mean, I'll be I'll be honest. Authorities, I've learned no lessons. I've learned no lessons. I've learned nothing. Do do you need to try again because I think it's hilarious. So, you rearrest me. I mean, the [ __ ] you to do? I'm not going to say sorry for anything. I don't give a [ __ ] I think it's funny. Isn't that the best possible existence a man can have to piss off his enemies and go to war with them and hear the lamentations of the opposing army as your ideology conquers the minds of the NPCs they were trying to enslave. Isn't that the whole [ __ ] point? Isn't the whole point for them to say some [ __ ] and you come along and reprogram everybody and say no and everyone be like, "Yeah, [ __ ] you." And then them come for you and lock you in jail and take all your stuff. The Matrix has attacked me. [ __ ] you. And then you get thrown into a [ __ ] dungeon with cockroaches. Isn't that the whole point of life? Isn't that the fun? You He went to Egypt. Went to a nice hotel. Absorbing the culture. Yeah. Well, I I absorb the culture of Romanian jail and I had a great [ __ ] time. Yeah. If you if you think about the who's had the maddest story over the past 2 to 3 years, probably you. Probably. I mean, you definitely may have had more fun and more comfort, but when it comes to story, Yeah. So, there's always good and bad. I'm not saying that one's even better than the other. I'm saying there's silver linings. But too much comfort is boring. Of course, I've gone through those stages where I've had too like especially living here, things can get too easy and too comfortable. Yeah. And like I get to the point where I travel, I'm in a different bed, I'm like, this this mattress is too hard for me. This pillow's Yeah, I know. It's true. and and too much pain is bad because then your emotions turn off and and you don't you lose your humanity like some of those people that were in that jail for 10 20 years they've lost their humanity they become ston so you need the balance of it but the truth is and I've often asked myself this question if I could go back in time and not fly to Romania so I didn't get arrested I still would have gone I still would have said okay let me move let me move a few cars let me hide some [ __ ] but I 100% % we're gone. I remember Tristan, you messaged me like, "What's the porchal like?" Cuz that's where you were. You were going to stop up there, go, bro. We were supposed to go Corval for New Year's. Tristan asked you what Corval was like. We were only going to stop in Romania for a day to pack. Yeah. And we landed. I think about that. I think we landed and that was 3 years. If I'd told you guys, hey, look, I got a bad feeling about this. You should probably stay in Dubai. Yeah. You would have been like, "No, you know, I'll tell you the craziest story I've never heard before. I I've never told him before. It's the craziest story. In around September, before I came to Dubai, I was in London and I was in an Uber and my Uber driver was Romania. And he goes, "Oh, you live in Romania." Yeah. He goes, "What's your name?" It's Andrew Tate. He goes, "I've heard of you." So, cool. People have heard of me. He goes, "Why do you live in Romania?" I said, "I like it. It's a nice country. It's very safe. It's a nice place." He goes, "I've heard from some Romanians you're going to get arrested." An Uber driver. And Romanians love to talk. They love to It's like a chatterbox place. And I was like, "Oh, I've already been arrested. That's [ __ ] It's all gone away." He goes, "No, no, no. I heard that you're going to be arrested." And I was like, "Maybe. I mean, maybe I will. Maybe." I didn't think too much of it. I was like, "All right." I didn't I didn't consider a human trafficking charge and 3 years in jail. I thought maybe it's going to be some tax [ __ ] or some speeding video or something. So, I ignored him totally. And I mentioned Tristan. I was like, "Your Uber driver arrested." He goes, "Oh, the Uber driver said you're going to arrest." I was like, "Good point. I mean, who gives this shit?" Turns out the Romanians had all been [ __ ] talking about this big case they were building on me for ages, and someone's cousin told someone's cousin who was an Uber driver. So, I actually heard about this in advance, but I didn't I didn't consider it. I didn't cross my mind. Then I started saying that they're going to arrest me for something on podcast. I wasn't saying it because of that Uber driver at all. The two weren't linked. I just felt the heat increasing like my bank account would be locked or my accountant would get me tax papers or someone who I used to go to school with would be contacted by the media or I just felt heat and then I started saying it and it's only now this is the first time I've ever told this story to the Uber driver cuz truthfully it's the first time in a few years I've even remembered that happened. It didn't really cross my mind and now I'm thinking that old [ __ ] told me. So wild. He's giving you a heads up. [ __ ] wild. But if you listen to everything Uber drivers say, you'll be out of a [ __ ] out of a crackhead. So, what do you do, right? [ __ ] wild. Wild. You know, if you have surgery, does that correct it visually? I don't think so. I think it's [ __ ] I think when you I think if you rip it and you get it done instantly, it's okay. But mine, the Romanian judge told me I'm not allowed surgery. My arm is [ __ ] broken. I don't care. Stay in your house. Nice. Yeah. Very nice. And my mom had a heart attack. I couldn't see her either. [ __ ] wildly. [Music] The real question is, Ken, where do you want to go to jail? Mike, when do I go to jail? Where? We're going to sort out the when. Let's plan a real holiday. [ __ ] this Egypt stuff. Let's go to jail. Where do you want to go to jail? Yes. Okay. Do you know what though? Let's plan a really good trip for Let's do a really good video for Mike's channel. Me and Mike go to jail. Where? Let's plan it. Not here. I've heard bad things about What have you heard? This [ __ ] grin. Uh, just like this. Yeah. Keep it keep like that old and just come to it. I heard jail here there's like there's no air conditioning. The food is trash. They don't turn the lights off. You're basically in a cell with loads of other people. It stinks and dirty. Yep. I think that's just classic jail. Really? Unless you're in Norway, then you get [ __ ] IKEA furniture in a free apartment. We can go to jail in Norway. Probably have a great time. But you know, when you say jail, am I in a cell by myself? No. Do I do the whole jail experience? No. No. But am I with you in a room or am I by myself in like solitary? I guess it depends on what jail we go to. I was with some other guys and I was with Tristan and it appears I was alone. They just moved you around. something. Imagine being you were alone with your own thoughts every day. Yeah. No book. Yeah. I I only had that for about 10 or 11 days. I'd go insane. I do a lot of push-ups. You do less push-ups. The thing about um jail that was weird is that in the outside world, if you have a thought, you satisfy that thought. If you think of someone, you text them. If you think of an idea, you look it up. If you think of a question, you Google the answer. You instantly satisfy your thoughts. Whereas, when you're stuck in jail, you'll think of something. What's the capital of Aruba? Like, what is the capital of Aruba? What is the capital? And you'll be stuck with it. It's weird. We don't have that in the modern world. You think of something like if you think what's it like in Kinshasa? You just go to YouTube and type Kinshasa travel and you see the capital of the DRC but in jail you don't have these things. So you're stuck with these ideas or stuck on people or stuck on what's that [ __ ] doing. You know you get your jail phone. Where you been today? You know it's weird. It's weird cuz you can't just text them. It's weird. Have you seen that one in El Salvador? The jail. The sequ. Yeah, it's crazy. That's crazy. Yeah, it does look crazy. They got like 30, 40 people in one cell. No mattresses, just a metal bed. Yep. In there with killers. Yep. For life. Yeah. I probably shouldn't be doing my section. I mean, I'll be honest with you. You know what surprised me most about jail? Murderers are not how I imagine them to be. You imagine murderers to be the hardest people in jail. But I wouldn't say that. I'd say the murderers were in many ways looked the most emotional like the kind of guy who would cry or lose his temper. They looked more emotional. They didn't have control. They didn't have control. So like Yeah. Yeah. The murderers were like they'd cry fastest. The murderers. The people who looked like the ice cold guys, a lot of them were the financial crimes guys. Those are the people who really didn't give a [ __ ] Telling you, they probably stole 20, 30 million and they're like, I got this in jail. Who cares? I'm rich for life. They seemed more ice cold than the murderer. The murderer is a bit more like twitchy or get upset. Maybe it's just the ones I met. Of course, I didn't meet every murderer, but it's weird. That would Yeah, that would make sense. Yeah, they there's no control over. I didn't make a murderer apologize to me. He bumped into me in the [ __ ] hallway. Bumped into me. I said sorry. You didn't say anything. I said no. I said sorry to you. I said sorry. I just got here. Show respect. I just I said [ __ ] sorry to your normal. I'm a [ __ ] Say sorry. I like Yeah, [ __ ] They're [ __ ] cuz I just turned up. I don't know who these people are. Guy goes to me later. He killed two people. I was like, they all know who you were. They all knew who I was. Did they Was there an element of respect? Yeah. No one No one had a problem with me. Everyone was okay. Couple small things like that. But everyone I think people I think 99% of the time if people know you will fight, they'll leave you alone. People want everyone wants to fight the guy who won't fight. This is a story of life. Everyone wants to pick on the man who won't fight. If they know you will fight, it's a whole different calculation. Even if they know they can beat you, it's still a whole new calculation. And there was never any doubt that my brother and I would fight. So they're like, "Okay, well they're going to try back. So we can't just be four of us against them two. We have to have like 10 of us doing calculation as as if they thought we wouldn't, they could intimidate us just a couple of them or whatever." So we had none of those problems. And I guess you could apply it to everything. Like I think my brother and I have also made it very clear to every [ __ ] government and every single news outlet. I'm not scared of you people. BBC would sit down with me and talk to me like they had a position authority. I was [ __ ] flabbergasted when I was doing these interviews and reporters sitting there going, "Well, what about, excuse me, you work for a [ __ ] organization which harbors pedophiles? Don't sit here in my house and pretend that you have authority over me. You're a [ __ ] You're a broky and you're very low paid, so speak to me with some [ __ ] respect or get the [ __ ] out. I don't have to answer your questions. You're not the police. I tell the police to [ __ ] off. Don't question me like I have to answer you." If you saw, there's a video like a month ago I was going to the police station. Some BBC reporter said something to me and I said, "You're a nobody. [Laughter] You're a [ __ ] nobody, bro. You're the cop, so you put the window there. You're a nobody. He couldn't believe it. His face was like, "Yes, you may work for the BBC, but I don't know your name, and neither does anyone else. You are a nobody. You're a nobody. [ __ ] these people, bro. [ __ ] them. They're clowns." Vice News sitting there pretending they have moral authority and then they go bankrupt. [ __ ] bunch of jackasses. [ __ ] all these people. Well, imagine the only people who actually gave you like a a fair platform to chat was podcasters. Literally. Literally, that's the only the only people who were interested in both sides of the story. The media is the propaganda arm of the government. So, they have a narrative they have to enforce. Anyone who thinks the media is interested in objective reality or truth doesn't understand the way the world works. Because why is the media even free? Let's analyze the media. You're a businessman. I'm a businessman. Who's paying for the media? cuz it's pretty [ __ ] expensive to fly a cameraman from London to Romania to follow me around so I can call him a nobody. Who's paying for his hotel, flights, food, him, his sound man, the cameras? Who's paying for all this? Well, a government is cuz no one's buying it. So why is a government doing it? So a government can enforce the ideas that it wants. It would be nonsensical to believe that a government has a particular geopolitical objective that MI6, MI5, whoever are aiming towards let's say war in Ukraine. They want that. So, they're going to allow the other arm of their government to make people not want that. It's like it's like your left arm fighting your right arm. It's not that. They make a decision. This is what we want the government to do. And we're going to have a media that supports it. That's why they if a white person kills someone, they put the white person's face on the news, murderer. And when an immigrant kills someone, they don't put the immigrant on the news. No face. Because they don't want to stop the immigration cuz that's what they want this side. And they don't want the media to go against their own objective. Your left arm doesn't fight your right arm. So, by telling everyone at home, I'm bad. It's because they've decided I'm going against their objectives. You're not going to allow the media to give me a fair fair chance ever. Why would they? So this whole rig, so they're nobody. So [ __ ] [ __ ] the BBC. Bunch of [ __ ] pedos. [ __ ] Did you ever film any episodes, podcasts that didn't get put out? Something I've done that didn't get put out. Yeah, I've done something that they didn't put out. How do you feel about that? [ __ ] are scared for their channels, I guess. Or they scared of the backlash. People are lame, bro. I mean, it wasted my time. I've done one and everyone. I was like, "Well, [ __ ] wasted my time." Yep. People are lame. Yeah, people are lame. And everyone's a [ __ ] tough guy. When their ass isn't on the line, people are full of [ __ ] Was there anyone's behavior that surprised you once you did go to jail? Yeah, you know, I had some surprises from men. I had some surprises from women. Like I had women, side chicks I didn't care about who were [ __ ] more involved than main chicks. So that surprised me. I had to reorder the whole roster when I got out. I was like, "No, you're up. You're down." So that surprised me a lot. And I had the same with some guys. Like it's everyone around me start getting a lot of heat. So you learn which ones were prepared to deal with that heat and which ones were like, "I don't want the heat." Cuz there's a lot of people who are your friend and cool when everything's going well. But it's very different when their business starts getting shut down and their [ __ ] starts getting closed for knowing you. Yeah. Then they're like, "Wait, this is the problem here." How's your uh the fire blade? Have you ever tried it? No. Get this man some fire blood. So, let me let me explain the story of fire. Let me explain the story of Fire Blade cuz it's 100% legit. I said, "Why don't we just get like a,000% of every vitamin in one scoop?" And people said, "Well, you can't do that cuz some vitamins are poisonous. sleeps. Yeah. Some are poisonous. And I was like, "Well, then hire some [ __ ] who knows what we can [ __ ] do then, which is what we did." And then he put together this spoon with all a,000% of basically everything that we could do without hurting anyone or whatever. And then it tasted like complete [ __ ] We're supposed to though. It tasted nasty. It's nasty. And he goes, "What flavor do you want?" And I said, "What are the options?" He's like, "We have cookie crumble, cotton candy." I was like, "This is gay. this is gay. I was like, I don't want any [ __ ] flavor. I'm built different. So, everyone goes to me, you can't sell a supplement that tastes bad. I said, yes, I can. So, I was like, thousand% of everything you need. It tastes like [ __ ] cuz life's hard. And that's how it [ __ ] goes. And I drink it every morning. I have fire blood every morning. A glass every morning. It's the only supplement I take. It's legit. So, I'm going to give you some. You can analyze the packaging and you know, you might know more than me. You can go through the stuff and what's in it, whatever. But I'm telling you, there's a notable difference. Well, you know, the thing is, if anything tastes too good, then sugar. I question like, well, what the [ __ ] you put in? You can't add taste without adding crap you don't need. Mine is just vitamins, amino acids, minerals. That's it. And it tastes like ass. That's all it is. That's all it is. I'll give you I'll give you all. So, we're doing this like close together. My balance is going to be all over the place. Keep elbows tucked in. How many? It's 10. Nice. [Music] town [ __ ] user in the building. Who's your buddy? He's from where you're from. You're from North or something, you know? Where you are? Where where in England are you from? Leads. Leads. Yeah, he's under. No, I can't do videos. If I do videos, people get scammed. Watch the bar. Watch the bar. No, no, no, no. I train. I'll tell him I want this [ __ ] Nah, it'll work it out. Or he won't. I want my other [Music] girlfriend Christmas. I don't know. It's It's kind of nice to go back to see where I came from, but within 4 to 5 days, get me a [ __ ] But is I find it weird how there so many people grew up in Leeds, but they decided just to stay there. Like this is where I'm born, so I'm going to stay here for the rest of my life. Like, of all the random places on Earth, Leads. It's true. Same with Luna. But I had a great group of friends though. Like, we've just had a laugh. We [ __ ] about. We insulted each other. I think that's why I've been able to handle the joke. I don't take myself too seriously. I would say I'm pretty down to it. British have the best sense of humor on the planet. They used to. And England 10, 15 years ago was also the best place on the planet, bro. You could take a 20 note on a Saturday night, have the time of your [ __ ] life. Now you can have 10 grand a night in London. Wait, when I went out as a student, I could get three treble vodkas for £5. Yeah, bro. It was great. It was great. I'm absolutely no one died. It was fun. And now it's [ __ ] [Music] [Music] Round Everyone's cool. People can't be seen to like you. That's the problem. They all like DM me in private [ __ ] Like if I told you some of the celebrities I've spoken to the most powerful people on the planet, but they're like, "Oh, the media right now. It's stupid." I've seen Cristiano Ronaldo like your videos. Yeah, he's the great. It's better than Messi. He followed one of the like the Hustlers University accounts. Ronaldo gets it, bro. Ronaldo gets it. [Music] What's happening, G? You how are you? Good, good, good. Saw your Pagani as well. The purple one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's why I put the purple on. Perfect. I haven't collected I've been so busy since I got to Dubai. I've been here two weeks. Haven't collected my Pagani Europe. I haven't even seen it in my life. Goals. Yeah. Goals. We need hyper cars which we've forgotten about. Literally. I bought it years ago. I haven't even been to see. I haven't got time. I've got I've got Jesus I haven't seen. Of all those cars, I haven't seen them. Never seen them. Sick, bro. Yeah. Sick. One of one bronze hyperthos. Sick. Nice color. Yeah. Yeah. I I like that color. It's a nice color. Inspired by you, obviously. Sick. You know what? I was actually offered one of these. I can't remember the It was like 78 million or something, but I was on House Arrest and I was like, why the [ __ ] would I buy a boat from House Arrest? And I bought another one. I bought like a big boat like to live on, but I have a feeling this would be a lot more fun. Exactly. This is It's pretty fast. 63 made in the world, 63 knots. Um, full carbon fiber. um fiberglass hole. Um 12 12 capacity, two two bedrooms downstairs. Mike's been on it. Mike knows it's quite a lot of fun. But yeah, we're going to we're going to put it through its paces today and you're going to take control of it. Sick. Sick. Yeah, man. Proper amazing. Should we head on down? Let's do it. Come on. Change. I see. I'll join you. Oh, even exact same dashboard. We just need the uh RebiTo steering wheel which I've got upgraded to. Uh full carbon fiber mast as well on the roof. Full options. This is a highspec boat um from Technomar. This is hole number 27. They're on 33. So they're halfway through production. There's uh 63 made in the world. Yeah. I owe you a boat trip. My boat will be finished in a year. Yeah. Yeah. It's uh but it's like a steel hull. It looks like a battleship. I already I already watched your videos when you were saying boat. So I was like, you know what? I need to get prepared for when he's ready. You show me Dubai and then we do Europe and my boat. Done. Say no more. That's a deal. Two V12 engines underneath that. Um, in fact, I show you that now. Holy [ __ ] Two V12 man diesel engines producing 2,000 horsepower each. 4,000 horsepower in total. Propel this bad boy to 63 knots. Cuts through water like a knife going through butter. It's like a play. Wild, bro. Incredible. It's amazing. This is that Volkswagen key, right? Just uh Volkswagen. I just Yeah. You're at dinner and you just go. Where's your Bugatti? Sold it. You have sold it? Yeah. Is it a Is it a weight off your shoulders? Yeah. The stress that goes through on that gearbox, I snapped it four times. Yeah. But in Dubai, it was okay in the UK cuz it's cold and the tires and it was slipping and sliding. I I do miss it every day. I think the bug was so much better than this. How about the the summer and the humidity [ __ ] up a bit here though? uh with a with a car. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The heat really does play a part. I think this is uh after this month, you want to tuck it away. It's a fulltime job having a boat. Uh like I bought mine because if I ever get rid of my interal red notice if I want to live in Europe and I was thinking Monaco pay by the time I buy a boat, I have a moving hotel. I just park in the marina and it's there. Otherwise, I got to find a hotel everywhere I go. You need like a full-time crew to live on it and maintain it and it's a full-time job. To be honest, boats in Dubai uh like it can be quite boring eventually. Like there's not many places you can go. You're not bored of taking this. Exactly. Have a guess what route we're about to take. Oh [ __ ] The same route as every single day. Europe. Europe's fores. Yeah. Europe's amazing go Monaco. Europe for boats and Europe's for cars as well. To be honest in Dubai get driven most of the time. I can't be dict wasted time driving here. [Music] go on public transport. You can't go to a festival. You can't be around. I just avoid people cuz they're all I only want to hang around rich people. Everyone else is a [ __ ] [ __ ] 100%. So, I've become elitist. I'm 100% now part of that crew now. I just hate brokies. Stay away from me. They're all trouble. They're all trouble. Yeah. It's like you around a rich guy. He has something to lose. But [ __ ] broies have nothing to lose. They have all the time in the world with dummies. So I've changed teams. Well, you imagine I'm from Birmingham. Nearly as bad as nearly nearly as bad. Well, now you now you have no bin. So you might be equal. That's nasty. Have you seen everyone the bin went on strike and everybody just started throwing all their rubbish on the doorstep and they started complaining why their place is so [ __ ] You're throwing the rubbish from your house onto the street and then you're stepping out onto the street saying why do the smell of [ __ ] because you've dumped all the rubbish on the streets and they were telling everyone to put them in vans and take them to the recycling center and then throw all the rubbish there. Man, I landed in the UK for about 2 weeks to go see my nephew and I was like every day I was counting down when I was going to be back in Dubai. Can't stand that place anymore. Horrible. I'm in London and I never used to be like this. The minute I enter London, the only conversation that's ever happening at the table or anywhere is uh have you got take your watch off. Um have you left any bags on show in the car? Where have you parked the car? You know, why do you have to be worried about all that sort of stuff constantly? Well, you do because Dubai is a very simple system. I think they just they just take the bottom 10% of society and constantly [ __ ] get rid of them. As long as you do that, you're constantly pruning the society. But UK doesn't do that. You can turn off be a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] and you just stay there. It's all a piece of [ __ ] For everyund for every 10,000 people who come, 2,000 are [ __ ] 2% doesn't matter. Only 1% 2% of people is all it takes to [ __ ] wreck a city. If 1% of 10 million people are thieving, scumbag murderers, whole city's done. Whole cities though. Will you genuinely try to run for prime minister? Yeah, I'm going to become prime minister and fix you. Would you want that? Yeah, 100%. But they're going to hate me while I do it cuz when cuz medicine's always bitter. They're going to hate me, but I'm going to try and fix you. Yeah. Ali G in the house when he he was doing it and he was doing the border controls. That is exactly what I can come up with justification for that. Yeah. Well, women integrate with society. They don't change society. They integrate. They get pregnant with a local man and then the children are local. True or false? They be part of the British Empire by getting knocked up by Mike. That's fine. Women can go. Dudes have ideas and [ __ ] Standing on [ __ ] street corners. No. [ __ ] [ __ ] off. Are meant to be the fastest jet ski in Dubai. You got to test them out. Love a good jet ski. Especially around here. There's so much to see. Don't want to [ __ ] up my new shades. Like five different pairs of these. [Music] Were they quick enough? They were. If you're not careful, that'll throw you off. Yeah, especially at this time. This one shark. There's sharks here. You know that, right? There's some clips of sharks all around. Me and sharks have a deal. Got to go near them. They're near me. I've never seen a shark in my house ever. The sharks just leave me alone. So, I don't want to. It's fair. I don't want to [ __ ] up the deal. They must turn up my house. And should you never go to the pool? I've been in the war in Croatia are big, but swimming pools swimming pool swimming pools don't have sharks. Yeah. So, what's the difference? Thank you. Have you ever seen a black man swim with sharks? You ever seen a black guy on a horse? No, we don't do that stuff. Like, we No, you have to be the biggest, strongest animal around. As soon as something's bigger and stronger than us, we avoid it. Like, no. No. No [ __ ] playing with tigers, no riding horses, no going near sharks, no skydiving, no rock climbing. No, this is all white people [ __ ] You get yourselves in so much trouble. Just leave it alone. It's all white. It's all white people [ __ ] bro. Black people don't do these things. I'm black enough to not do them. I love picturing you doing the [ __ ] you just would never do. It makes me laugh. [ __ ] [ __ ] That's why that bottom jean sat on a bus economy. I'd like to see you in a I could do that. I can do that. I'm a little snobby. I could do that. But jumping out of lanes and [ __ ] I don't know. I don't want any I don't want anything where surviving's on luck. I need to have control over my survival. Like even racing cars, race driving cars around is more dangerous than skydiving. Racing a car around. Think about it. But I'm in control of it. Yeah. But as soon as it's pure 100% luck, I can't live that way. It's like sharks. You get in there, there's either a shark or the rain. That's luck. I can't play the luck game. I have to have control. I have to have some element of control over the outcome. Would you rather go to jail for 1 month, but after that you're free for the rest of the year to do whatever you want. You can go first class, private jet, drive whatever car you want. Or you don't have to go to jail, but you have to fly economy and drive around in a small car. I'm telling you, I would rather go to jail. I would rather go to jail for 6 months a year every single year for the rest of my life and live my life than live a normal person's life. Yeah, hands down. The normal person is more in jail than most people in jail. Think about this, right? You go to you're in jail, let's say. You wake up, you're with your guys, you're with your cellmates, you're tired, you sleep, food comes, you get to train all day long, you eat your food, you go back to bed. If you're living a normal life, you're working in [ __ ] Starbucks. Alarm goes off, you better get up. Can't can't lay in. You're not with your friends. You're not living with your friends. You ain't got time to train. You're in Starbucks all day. You have no money cuz all your money is going on rent. You're more in jail than the [ __ ] [ __ ] in jail. You may as well go to jail and [ __ ] push-ups with the guys. Most people's lives suck so much. They're better off in jail. At least you lose a bit weight. Yeah, bro. At least you can just train and laugh at the guys and alarm. If you're tired or do you sleep? Have a nap anytime you [ __ ] want. Bro, jail's great. I'd rather go to jail 6 months a year and then 6 months wild than live a normal normal life. Hands down. You think you'd love Winston Green, wouldn't he? I think it depends on the job. Depends on the country. I think Winston Green would have a right party if Tay landed in there. the ones in Venezuela and all those where you get thrown to the lions. Always love to smoke cigars in white trousers. Such a dangerous game. I want to see how much ash I can accumulate. Living on the edge, bro. Yeah. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] for trying to make your life look fun on camera is not fun at all. That's why I stopped doing YouTube. [Laughter] Bro, it's true, bro. I was like, did you get that shot? You didn't get a shot of that Oh, man. You missed the most import. When you go out racing cars and you have a great time and then you go, let's film this and you redo this shot, redo, go back forth, back forth, [ __ ] get it. And then Mike messages me every now and again, do I have to give you a kick up the backside or are you going to get back on YouTube? I was like, I'm having so much fun not filming. Don't worry, just get banned like me and then the stress is gone. You're probably living all these experiences and moments through like for YouTube, though, isn't it? A lot of the time, I've done some stuff I would have never done if it wasn't for YouTube. I'm like, "Oh, okay. I'll go and put myself in this situation or link up with this person." So, in a way, it's good. [Music] Wow. [Music] [Music] Hopefully, it's not going to be another 3 years until we see each other again. I mean, hopefully not, but what I'll do to the judge is say because we need to talk and obviously our conversation is so interesting, it's going to put me in jail to bring you. Exactly. Yeah. So, I'll come and I need I need apparently, don't I? Exactly. So, I was like, just go get Mike and then uh we'll talk in there. There you go. [Music]