I think a man should have absolutely no interest in whether he's actually happy or not. If I wake up and I'm unhappy, I will do the exact same things as if I am happy. I will go to the gym the same. I will work the same. How I feel has no impact on how I live my life. I don't think happiness as an index is a healthy view for a man to have on life success. I think a man's role on this planet is also another thing that we need to redefine to some degree. Right? I think a man's role on this planet has changed. But from the from the dawn of human time, a man's role has always been the capability for violence. This is what men were, right? You have to look at you have to when I look at the world, I look at it from a societal perspective and I look at it from an animalistic perspective. Society has told us to be certain ways and then our animal instinct tells us to be another way. So, society tells you to marry one woman and be loyal, right? And now you have me saying men are not supposed to do that. We don't want to do that. Any man who sits there and says, "I want to do that." is lying. He wants to keep the woman he loves and he wants the woman he loves to be happy, of course. But if he could keep the woman he loves and keep her happy and have other women, he would. What? You're lying if you say that's not true, right? So from an animal perspective, a man's primary role was the capability for violence. We went to war. We conquered stuff. We built stuff. We we conquered. That's what men did. We conquered. To this day, still now, if you look at men, many of them are still trying to conquer the world one way or another. Some men are born with something else inside of them with a fire inside of them which cannot be extinguished by beans on toast TV at night 9 to5 sitting around with your wife. I know me as an individual I could not be satisfied with that. That doesn't mean I look down on the people who are absolutely congratulations. But my time on the planet I guarantee will be more eventful. I will die with more stories. I would have made a bigger ripple in in spacetime because I refused to comply with just the average this is okay, you'll be happy with this, take it. There's always been that class of person. Even since the dawn of time, there's been the the normal guy and then there's been the dude who insists on conquering the world. There's been Napoleon who says, "No, [ __ ] you. I'm taking this and this and this." It depends what you're born with, right? I think one of the biggest mistakes a man can make is to judge his to judge his life. Let me let me re let me reword this. I think a man should have absolutely no interest in whether he's actually happy or not. If I wake up and I'm unhappy, I will do the exact same things as if I am happy. I will go to the gym the same. I will work the same. How I feel has no impact on how I live my life. I don't think happiness as an index is a healthy view for a man to have on life success. But I think for a man if you're waking up and going am I happy am I not? You're looking at life wrong. I think of a man if you put happiness far if you move it down the scale right and you start looking at am I am I successful am I competent you know am I achieving things am I do am I am I respected if you start to look at these indicators of your life you're going to end up being happier without actually analyzing if you're happy or not so for me I understood very very well that half a million dollars a month is good but a million dollars a month is better and I also very very much understood that as As soon as you stop pushing forward, as soon as you go stagnant, you're dying, right? As soon as you stay in one place, you're slowly on the way down, right? If you were to if your if your podcast, if your channel now were to stagnate in views, you'd be worried. That's effectively dying. It has to grow at all times. So, every business has to work. So, for me, I was under enormous pressure. I I didn't think, "Oh, I have plenty of money now." It was the complete opposite. I wanted to work harder, more hours. I found the tap, bro. If if there was a golden tap that that that unlimited money and you had buckets and you took one bucket of money, would you just take that bucket or would you run back and get another buck and run back and and run? I couldn't stop. I couldn't sleep. I'd wake up to go piss at 3:00 in the morning, take a piss, and by the time I finished pissing, I'd be like, I'll slept 3 hours, that's enough. And wake the chicks up and put them back online. I couldn't get out of my brain because I saw that I'd replaced fighting, which I loved, with this. And this was my chance to escape the matrix. Bro, this has been inside of me since as as as early as I can remember. I remember walking to six form college. I was 16 or 17 with my four friends and a Ferrari burnt past us. And I said to my my boys, I was like, "Man, how'd that guy get that car?" And they're like, "Don't know." I was like, "Doesn't that annoy you?" Like, "Why would it annoy me?" "Cuz we're going to school. Our parents are on council estates. Like, we're we're trying to scrape 20 a week to to eat. This dude has 400 grand for a car." Doesn't that aggravate you? Doesn't that show you that there's something about the world you do not understand? That you're missing something? And they're all like, "Not really." And they're all the dudes who are right now at home 9 to 5, couple [ __ ] I was never that guy. I was pissed off for weeks cuz I saw some dude in his Ferrari. Do you understand? I was like, "No, I have to." So now when I push my Ferrari, I'm like, "This is the full circle. This is the universe giving me what I've always been manifesting." Does that make sense? So now when people say, "Andrew, why do you have 17 supercars?" is cuz I have 17. I have every brand you can [ __ ] name. I have 17 cars. I have over $10 million in cars. But because it was a car, these cars used to piss me off. So now I have to have them all. Every I don't need to drive them. I have to have them. I'm trying to conquer the earth, my friend. Maybe I'm crazy, but this is what I'm trying to do. It's what I've always been trying to do. So I've never been satisfied to to this day. I'm making more money now than I was making in my CAM days. I'm still not happy. But I don't judge my life on happiness. I don't look at it that way. I look at all the other human metrics and say, "Where am I failing? Am I in good shape? Yeah. Am I rich? Yeah. Do I have good friends, good connections? Yeah. Do I do whatever I want? Am I free? Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick." Well, [ __ ] it then. Then life's fine. You know, I'm happy every day, right? Let's say happiness is to scale. If you're not distraught, then you're happy. And I mean that like three or four times in your life, like a family member is going to die. or something really bad's going to happen and you're going to be devastated. And when you're distraught, you can't even talk. Like, you know, when you're genuinely heartbroken, you can't even speak. You can't even talk. You just want to be left alone and you you can't talk. Those days are coming for all of us. Either we're going to die or someone we love is going to die. Those days are coming. You This is This is guaranteed. So, until those days come, I'm happy. I'm very binary. Yes or no? One or zero. Unless I'm distraught, I'm happy. Now, happiness can be a sliding scale, right? I can be less happy some days than others, but I'm still happy because I'm not distraught. There's a really interesting show I watched a long time ago and it was a documentary about colors and it was saying they found this tribe in Africa and in the tribe in Africa, they had different names for the colors than we have. And they got two different shades of blue which were basically identical. Like uh blue, one kind of blue, another kind of blue, basically identical. And to them they were completely different colors. But then they put like blue and yellow and they couldn't tell the difference. They couldn't tell the difference because the blue and the yellow had one name and these two kinds of blues had a different name. What they were trying to say is if your brain has associated a name with something, it's very hard to work out the difference between the the two things that have the same name. Does that make sense? So I'm never unhappy. I'm happy always. Do you understand what I mean? If I'm left the straw, I'm happy. So I never wake up and go, I'm unhappy today. I wake up and go, "Oh, I'm a little bit less happy today, but I'm happy. I've labeled myself as happy. I've labeled myself as lucky. I've labeled these things." And I truly believe them. I will pass any lie detector test today that I'm the most content, happy man in the world because that's what I've decided. That's what I've labeled myself as. I I talk to people all the time like, "Oh, I'm unhappy. I'm depressed." And I'm like, "Stop saying it. You're saying it. Got to speak." Yeah. Yeah. Why are you saying it? You're happy, my friend. Because you're talking. If you're truly if you're truly unhappy, you don't talk. When something, think of the last time you lost a family member. The first thing you did, you sat in silence for half an hour. First, you get a phone call and you just sit there and someone goes, "What's happened?" And you might give them a few words. That's unhappy. If you're running your mouth down the pub about being unhappy, you're attention seeking. That's what you're doing. So, a lot of people are labeling themselves. And I I absolutely refuse to to take my own power away. There are so many things in the world trying to kill us. Like, you got enemies. You got people on the streets with blades. You got bacterias, [ __ ] lions. Oh, I've got enough enemies, bro. Sharks want me dead. Like, every I've got enough enemies. Why am I going to take my own power away? And this is what people really don't yet understand. There's only one thing on the planet you actually have control over. You can't control the weather. You can't control your health. You can get brain aneurysm or a heart attack. You can't control other people. The only thing you can actually really truly control is what you think. That's the only thing you can change in real time. You can be thinking of red. You could change it to blue. So why are you not controlling your own mind? Sure, it's your asset. It's your ally. It's your friend. Why would you make an enemy out of the only thing you have control over? I refuse to do that. It doesn't make sense to me. You could The worst thing on earth that could happen to a man could happen to me. And I guarantee you I would still label myself happy. I'm happy because that's who I am. That's how I view myself. That's why I've decided. You have to decide what you want in life. I wanted to conquer the world. And if you're going to conquer the world in the modern society we live in, that's going to be a fiscal conquer. That's what you're going to do. You're going to make a bunch of money. How else are you going to conquer? That's what I wanted. You have to decide what you want. And it's different folks, different strokes, and it takes a lot of different kind of people to make the world go round. But if you truly want to conquer the world, you're going to end up wanting a bunch of money because that's the way that's the way to do it is you have to decide the life you want to live. You're a different man when you have no safety. You're a different man when you you have to pull it off. No, I need to. No, I literally have to pull this off. I have to roll the dice. Most men don't understand what it feels like to roll a dice and you have to get a six. No. What do you mean you have to? No, I have to get a six. Yeah. Oh, but what if you don't? No. No. I have to get a six. you you're not understanding me. So that that's extremely character driven and for that reason I'm going to make sure that my my children I obviously another thing that comes with it I took a bunch of risks that I would never be comfortable my children take because this is the problem you go soft right I was riding around on a motorcycle with no insurance running from the cops I could have been splattered on the road and I would never want my son to do that but at the same time I want him to be like me so it's it's difficult as for my teenage son I'm going to I'm going to try very hard to he's going to he's going to have problems he needs to solve. And I think if you're a young man, even if you're not my child, just any man who's out there in the world, you need to look at some problems that need solving either for yourself or for society, fix it. And I think that you should just adopt some problems and try and fix them. Doesn't matter what it is. You can just try and fix the litter in your area or try and get a six-pack or whatever you want. Men are builders. The modern world, call me misogynistic, the modern world was built by men. Every building you're in was built by men. Every road you drive on was built by men. We're builders. We build things. And that's what you should be focused on. Like I said before, if you're hardworking and you're brilliant, you I think you'll do well enough. You know, you can't shy. You can't hide away from the brutal realities of work. That's that's it. And and while we're on the subject, that's actually where these last two years have been pure clown because I've known some people who've made a bunch of money in crypto and I've said to them, what you've just gone through, what you've just done is once in a generation is completely ruined. Because normally if you make let's say 200 grand, you have learned lessons to make that 200 grand. You've learned marketing, you've learned sales, you've learned how to manage staff, you learned how to deal with pressure, you learn how to be on time, you've learned a bunch of things. So you can continue it. So you can continue and even if you lose all the money, you've you retain the lessons 100%. What have you learned? You bought a coin, it went up. Okay, good. You have not learned a single [ __ ] thing about how money is made, about personal development. You didn't even learn how to have a firm handshake and put on a tie. You learned nothing. You pulled it off. You made a few made a few dollars. You've lost them. And now the worst thing about it is you think you're too good for work. You think you're so smart now. Yes. God made it. This is the next one to you got lucky. Now you think you're too good to actually get up and grind. You think you're just going to pull it off again. Another lottery. And you don't think you have to work very hard. And guess what's going to happen? Excuse me. I'm going to [ __ ] burn because that's not the reality of the world. That clown world [ __ ] is over. All that [ __ ] is over. We're about to get to harder times than heaven. If you're sitting at home, you made a bit of money with crypto and you think, "Don't worry, it's going to go up again soon." You're just praying for some external force. That's not selfaccountability. Sitting and watching the Bitcoin price waiting for it to go up so you have money is not self accountability. That's that's prayer. Then you might as well just do the lottery numbers. All these people who made money in this clown world, a lot of them haven't learned any lessons about the reality of birth. It's about to get a lot harder. I can never my skill set, the people I know, my phone book, my reliability, my reputation. You could take all of my money today, I'll be a millionaire again in 2 weeks. Like I can call people say, "Lend me 10 mil." Oh, that's tail. I can call people and I know people. I I'm I'm I'm I have place I can go. I'm good at speaking. Like once you have those lessons and once you have that network and once you have those things built, you can't go broke. You really can't. You get to a point of life where the only way you could go broke is if you become a drug addict or something ridiculous. Don't complain when the NHS are on strike and you can't get seen and I'm in a private hospital and [ __ ] Saudi. That's your problem. You have to just make your decisions in life and live and live live true to them. But creating a circle is ultra important. And it's not just important financially. It's also important for your entire life and your mindset as a whole because you don't it's amazing especially amongst men. We never want to be the poorest person. We never want to be the weakest person. We never want to be. So if you if you if you're with a group of killers, you have now this massive expectation. It's almost like societal pressure and a positive force. I if I if I go to my friends, I can't be the weak. If everyone does X amount push-ups, I have to do it. You want to get dropped down. Yes. Well, you don't want that's not happening. You don't want to feel that way, right? My team, it's not just about how we make money. It's also an entire mindset. I don't want to be the only scared one in the group. If me and my team, if me and my six closest friends were walking down the street, a couple guys came up to us with machetes, I know they wouldn't be afraid. So now I'm now no one's. Now you're [ __ ] Now the guys, now the guys with a machete should be afraid. It's like a army. It's like a gang, right? You have to have that mentality. So it's not just even about money. It's about your entire life you create. If you're a person, you're a man and you're out here and you go, you know what? Who do I want to be? I want to be strong and rich and brave and respectable. Then I need friends who are strong and rich and brave and respectful. That's what you need to do. You're going to say, "I want to be these things, but I hang around with this guy cuz we play FIFA together." Then you can stay a [ __ ] and that is your decision. Stay a loser. I have no sympathy for losers. I want to make this another thing clear that ends up on TikTok. I'm a crut. I don't give a solitary [ __ ] if you want to stay at the bottom of the societal totem pole. If I'm going to ignore how I feel day after day so I can perform regardless of whether I'm sad, happy, pissed off, tired, if I'm going to get up and work anyway when I'm tired, how do you expect me to feel sorry for you because you didn't work when you were tired? If I don't care about my own emotions, I certainly don't give a solitary [ __ ] about yours. If you want to stay a loser, stay one. Good. It's fine. Stay a loser. I have no sympathy for you. I don't care. I was instilled with a duty for a very long time to honor my ancestors through achievement. And I was told from a very young age that the only thing your ancestors are interested in was achievement. Even to this day, I do podcasts, people repeatedly talk about my father. If I wasn't successful, he wouldn't be spoken about anymore. He lo he died nine years ago and he was a good chess player, but no one's really that interested in chess. The reason he lives on is because I'm so monumentally successful that people are interested in my origin story and he is mentioned. The reason I will live forever is because my son will be so monumentally successful. They'll talk about how he couldn't have been such a perfect specimen of man, how he was raised, and they will mention me. If you give a [ __ ] about your ancestor and you give a [ __ ] about your family, you're not a selfish person and you want them to exist out in the ether for reality for for the eternity of reality, it is your duty to be successful. So, if you love your family and you love your last name and you're proud of yourself, then you have a duty to be massively monumentally successful to show homage to your ancestors. I find it amazing there are people out here today who are going to sit and say, "Oh, I'm sad. I'm too depressed. I don't want to work hard." there. Do you understand that only 200 years ago there were peasants out working a field, starving, surviving the black death, surviving the plague, struggling to exist just to reproduce so that 200 years later you can be the end of their bloodline for you to sit on your ass and do [ __ ] nothing. Like you're a [ __ ] You're [ __ ] up your entire bloodline of your entire ancestry. You owe these people things. You must They went through hell for you to exist. You have a debt. You have a duty to pay. You have to be the best possible version of yourself. And the same to God. God loves people who try. God loves people who work hard. It's amazing if you try your very best all the time what God will give you. He'll give it to you. Anything you want if you actually try. Not not convincing yourself you try. Actually trying. They're different things. But yeah, I was instilled with this because from a young age, my dad said, "You're a tape. And tapes are the the greatest people on the face of the planet. And there's going to be a day I'm not here anymore and they're going to talk about me because of how fantastic you are. So go do your [ __ ] job." A lot of people don't have the ability to understand the compounding effect of doing the right thing time after time. Even if you start a new business, you don't know what to do. I guarantee if you're always on time, if you're a builder and you're always on time, take the basic [ __ ] just be on time. Over time, you may you may think, "Oh, I was just on time. No one notices." Trust me, across 10 years, that's the difference between being a successful builder and not being successful.