I will survive it. I know that if you take most people with my wealth, they can't handle jail. But I know who I am. I am not a rich kid. I've never had an easy life. I didn't grow up with a silver spoon. In fact, I'm a poor person with a lot of money. I'm fine there. I will have more in common with those people, and I will get along with those people, those criminals, and I have deeper conversations than I would with most other people. I'm fine there. [Music] I I want to make a point as well that I've observed is that you make points in an extreme way cuz you're a smart guy. There's a reason you're the most Googled person on earth. So when you make those points in a certain way, it allows different people to take it out of context and use it against you. But it also garers attention so people listen to you so they get the reason you've made that point or what you're trying to teach people out of it. Yeah. My communication style is abrasive. Abrasive, but I I could turn it down. Effective is fun. Yeah. But it's effective. That's right. And I and I and I'm talking to be effective. But people will take what I say and take it out of context. Of course they will. Let's do a plan. What do we do if in um so your case is over the whatever it is that you're going through is done. Yeah. And Trump is president. Yeah. What's your comeback like? Come back. Let's let's let's plan. And have I ever left? I don't know. Come back to the US. I mean, ah okay. I'm not sure where I'd live. I'm not sure if I'd have a house. I'm not sure if I'd settle in any one place. I'd probably just stay in hotels and stay there for a few years. Move from place to place. more than that. Political, business-wise, personal, brandwise, what's the messaging is going to evolve? Obviously, um I'm sure you've considered all this. You've had a lot of time to think in jail. Yeah, there's going to be there'll be new battles to fight at the time. There'll be new things which are interesting, but I think that we already have the pieces in play. We're dismantling the media censorship. They're trying to dismantle the information wall. They're trying to teach people to be healthy again. They're trying to teach men to be strong again. Make America healthy again. That's right. So, I think they're already doing all the right things. I just need to jump on the train and help everybody out the best I can. This is what's most important. I mean, the the key most important battlegrounds are already under attack now, which is the primarily the information censorship. That was primarily the most difficult thing for us to deal with and crack. Elon saved the world by buying Twitter. Truly saved the world. He has saved the world. And I do not say that in any hyperbolic way. And the fact that people will sit on Twitter and call Elon not very smart because they disagree with his politics shows just how mind this is what I mean. These people have lost their minds. There are reporters who work for the New York Times who have achieved nothing in their life besides regurgitate garbage that they're told they're supposed to regurgitate. Chat GPT could do a better job than they could. And they sit there saying Elon Musk is not very smart because they disagree with his politics on his platform as he puts rockets in space. These are the people who say I'm a human trafficker. So [ __ ] them. These people have lost. You can't reason with that level of stupid. They're so emotional and so ideological that they're uninterested in truth and facts. There's a certain subset of the population that have no interest in what is true. They're interested in what makes them feel good. And they're very different mindsets. They're very different mentalities towards things. And it's that's why you have this permanent wall you can't seem to penetrate. And and those people are only going to believe what they want to believe because of how it makes them feel. Which is why they're losers, by the way, because you don't win in life by ignoring objective truth and following what makes you feel happy. You win in life by self-analyzing and reflecting and making the difficult choice because you understand it's going to benefit you more in the end. And you win in life by ignoring how you feel and doing what you're supposed to do. That's how you win. That's why these people are objectively losers. By the way, when you say going to to the initial point you said how Elon changed the world, one interesting thing is not it's not only what he did with X, it's what he showed the world to be possible. So a lot of other platforms like you know what Mark Zuckerberg did recently put out that I think he testified or put out a letter um saying he made a mistake under the Biden administration when when it came to co and you I had Mark Andre on the show one of the smartest people on this planet and he's on the board of Meta and I think he's on the board of X as well I think or was anyway he he said Mario Meta's watching and other social media platforms as well are watching the X experiment that was like two years ago um and I think a lot of other social media companies will either have to follow suit when it comes to censorship um and free speech or you know lose a lot of users. Yes. It's the 4-minute mile. They've shown that it can be done. And they had Zuckerberg by the balls. I don't know. I don't know Zuck. I've never spoken to him, but they had him by the balls and he was afraid for himself. You know, he's living in America. He has a family. His his platforms are being used to push information the American government do not want pushed. They said to him, "Fix this or you're going to go to jail." And the guy that free speech, free speech, freedom. First Amendment. Yeah. Until the men in the black suits turn up and knock on your door and say, "You have to fix this suck." Otherwise, you have to run to Iran, China, or Russia. And the way the world works is even if he was crazy enough to try any of those things, then he'd be in their pocket. And guess what Russia, Iran, and China would tell him to do? Say what they want said. It doesn't work that way. You don't get to just go through life and not have a roof over your head that you have to some degree adhere to. So he can't give up the American sphere to go anywhere else because he's going to have a new problem. So yeah, of course he did what he was supposed to do. Elon's the only person who could have done what he's done. And now he's inspired the others to be brave and he's going to now that they have power in government. They don't have to fear the government agencies like they did before. So the world has completely changed. But I understand why Zuck did what he did. Of course. Do you remember the Did you go through the Twitter files when we when we covered those? Yeah, I remember them coming out. Crazy. Yeah. No, I I mean they were crazy, but I I knew all that. I was like, "Well, duh." Like, that's that's all it's ever been is an information war. That's what I love about Alex Jones's show, InfoWarss. That's the war. It's an information war. Every war since the beginning of time has only ever been an information war. They just want to control what you think and control what you're allowed to say. That's what it's all about. It only gets hot when the information wars have failed. They try the leaflets and the propaganda. It only gets hot with the tanks and the bullets when everything else doesn't work. So, they can put a gun to your head and then tell you what to read. The bottom line is information war always has been. Of course, the American experiment during the era of spring when they were trying very hard to use social media to overthrow all these governments. Once it worked against them, social media in 2016 on Trump, they just turned the apparatus on itself and said, "All right, we'll use it on the American population then and try and delegitimize Trump because Trump was a social media president, which they didn't want. They wanted to just keep having these democratic elections between the two teams which are allowed to win, which isn't real democracy because you have two teams. think we're at a Do you think we're genuinely at a turning point now? Well, it depends. It depends what Trump's going to do. Will he do what's needed in your opinion? There's a lot of resistance. Well, he's got four years and one of the things I like to believe is that Trump's nightmares keep his wounds fresh. You know, that's one of the best things about the assassination attempt. It's not the fact that it helped him win the presidency. It's not the fact that it made him iconic. is that it reminded him what they did to him in 2016 to 2020 with the Russia gate garbage. So, you mean he'll he'll think twice before doing things or he'll be more driven to do things? I I like to believe he'd be more driven to do things because Trump I know and I'm saying I know even though I've never spoken to him, but I know because I can see by his demeanor is very similar to me. He doesn't take this crap personally. He considered all those trials in New York a massive inconvenience, but I don't think he was truly like that. He wasn't emotionally upset. He was angry because men get angry and he saw as an inconvenience, but he knows the system well enough to know what it is. He also got slandered, a rapist, but once again, nobody with a brain believed it. Same as my scenario. So, it's very easy to just go to court and not be emotionally affected at some point and just be like, "This is garbage." But the but the bullet makes it real. Okay, you tried to lawfare me. Okay. Okay, you hit me with a fake rape card charge. Okay, you charged me money. Okay, you dragged me in out of court. Okay, you wasted all my time. Now you tried to kill me. Was it was any assassination attempts? Anyone tried to kill you yet? Not yet. But uh even a failed one. Nothing yet. I don't think so. But they haven't failed with their option number two. Option number two yet. Yeah. You know, we'll see how that plays out. But with Trump, it looks like they did. But the fact they tried to kill him makes it very real. Makes it very visceral. So I'd like to think he enters office with no mercy for the next four years. But we're going to have to see how how he decides to dismantle it. And al also again now I'm talking into a realm I don't truly know. I'm just speculating and guessing. But in anything large and complicated in any structure which is large and complicated, you're not going to have absolute ideological alignment. You're going to have different levels, right? Even the side of a conservative party or the Republican party, you have different levels of agreement with the party. There's a spectrum. So when we talk about dismantling of the matrix, is he going to throw the entire deep state out or is he going to have to sit and decide which factions of the deep state he's going to keep to turn against the other parts of the deep state? Which areas are going to stay, which areas are going to move. I don't think he can completely gut it out. I don't think that reality works. Not instantly, but over time slowly. Well, over time slowly, yes, perhaps. But for in the four years he has, I think he's actually going to have to make some very difficult choices about what's going to stay and what isn't. I see a lot of the anti-ionist people very upset with his choices. And I understand it because they're very anti-ionist and they're upset that he's working with people that have this such a strong allegiance to Israel. Me personally, I agree with that. I don't like this allegiance to Israel at all. However, I like to think and perhaps this is cope that he knows things that we don't know and he has to choose his side and choose his battles to get anything done. If you make an enemy of everybody, then you get nothing at all done. Maybe this is cope, but this is just from my experience of life. Perhaps it's going to be a bit more gradual as he gets things done and moves this area, changes this, and then he can move on to other areas. We're going to see. But I like to think that these four years are going to be brutal efficiency from him. It looks like he's already saying the right things. Yeah. Day one. Day one. He's appointed a few people. You've seen those. Yeah. Yeah. And he's already appointed some people. So, we're going to see how it all works out. But most importantly, it's to culture that Trump's going to change. That matters more than anything. Culture drives everything. Culture drives things more than the legal system. Culture drives things. That's why Hollywood is the number one propaganda tool of the Western Empire. That's why America has managed to stay. Even though its cities are crumbling in real time, even though it has homeless everywhere, even though everyone's taking fentinol, even though it's crime, even though it's dangerous, it's still the dream of most people to go to America because of Hollywood. That's the only reason. So the culture in the propaganda machine is extremely powerful. and America changing into a more masculine culture purely and primarily because Trump is the president is what's going to fix more things than his policy. It's it's self-fulfilling it. People are saying, "I'm broke. I'm poor. Trump will make me rich and they'll get richer under Trump." Not just because of the laws Trump passes. Thank you. But because they feel more motivated to work and they take more risks and they're more enterprising and they're less afraid. So they'll get richer under Trump because of Trump because he inspired them to do the right things themselves as opposed to the laws he's going to pass. So it's all self-fulfilling. That's why a good general makes his army stronger. This is it's it's it's all self-fulfilling. If Camala won, we'd all get poorer. Not only because of her terrible economic policy, but also just because you'll feel defeated as a man if Camala wins. Girl boss is in charge. Now it's girl boss land. So what am I going to go out there and build railroads for? this is garbage and you won't want to do it. So, culture drives all things. Culture is the driving force and this new culture of accountability and masculinity inside of America is going to be what saves the country. All right. Well, I want to I want to go back to the question and remember we can bleep things out. Sure. But it's a it's a question that I'm I ask selfish questions. So, what I want to selfishly know is what will you do next? [Music] What would other than moving to the US potentially from a business perspective? We'll get into crypto as well because you've done some moves. My next my next primary objective in my life is to have 50 sons. 50. 50. That's my next primary. Have you said that publicly before? I think I've said I think I've said this publicly. 50. 50 is my primary. Do you mind if I ask how many now so far? Cuz I know you've said you have many, but you've never I don't think you've said the number. I've never said the number of children I have, but I have a few. But uh 50. Yeah. And I talk a lot about population collapse. So, thank you for your service. Serious problem the world. I do my best. You know, it's not easy being a tall, handsome billionaire, but I try very hard. No, but I want 50 sons. One, because sons, you said I want Well, I'll have kids. I want I want 50 sons. I already statistically he's going to have 100 kids. Well, yeah. I already have a lot of daughters and I love my daughters with all my heart, but I want 50 sons. Of course. I I I don't think Genghaskhan. Well, you know, they're going to they're going to say this is a bad thing to say. They're going to attack me with it. I love my daughters with all my heart, but I think a man wanted a son. Okay? Because of the last name. I don't want my last name to die. My brother and I are the last two tapes. So, our sons will be the tapes. My daughters will get married, God willing. And then they'll be someone else's name. But if if they love you enough, they'll just keep their last name. Yeah. But it's not the same. Yeah. I I And you know, let me tell you another thing. I'm petty. I'm really I am I'm really petty. And I it would really break my heart for me to die and leave my empire to daughters who marry dudes who get my empire. No, go earn it. You're not driving a Ferrari on my money. I don't know you. My sons are going to get my money. So, they're going to have to find some other rich guy. So, it's this is just how it is. I want 50 sons and in 20 years or 25 years, I want my security team to be my, you know, when I'm like old, if Monaco still exists by then, it hasn't been overrun by the demon hordes. If if if if Europe's still a place and I'm a little bit older and I'm a little bit slower and I get out of my Rolls-Royce and my security team are all my biological sons in my life, then you can trust me. Well, that that's the final that's the end of the uh you know, I've always been an anti-hero. That's the end of my anti-hero story. So, my primary objective now is to have as many children as possible. I have 75 cars. Why would I have more cars than children? Doesn't You have 75 cars now? I have 75 cars. Yeah. You be serious? Yeah, I have 75 cars. So, this is my exact point. So, if I'm going to waste money on that junk, I may as well have as many children as possible. So, my primary objective is children. That's the answer to the question. Who manages your finances? Yeah. Yeah. Decop try their best. They try. Um. All right. So, that's that's an interesting one. That's actually Well, what's more what's more important? What what can be more important than that? What's more important than just trying You're going to you're going to hate my answer. Like I'm obsessed with living as long as possible and anti-aging is something I'm obsessed with, which sounds very children are the Yeah, it is. Well, it's narcissistic because you don't believe like I believe that I can create better versions of myself and I'm not so interested in consciousness in and of itself that I need to make sure I retain him for as long as possible. If you can make an upgraded, better version of Andrew Tate via my children. If I can make a better me, a son who's going to have the same ideals and he's going to fight the matrix to the best of his capability and everyone's going to remember me and my name via him, then that can give the consciousness part up. That's all that's fine. I'm tired. I've had a hard life. I'm happy to rest. I'll go to sleep. You do it. No, you're talking about now or a bit later in in general. I mean, is it possible that your Cuz you can just just stop everything now and that's it and live a good comfortable life with your family. Is that possibility? Yeah. Yeah. No, cuz I get bored. Cuz I get bored. But I'm saying that death is really not that scary to me. Dying would be scary, but I don't think being dead is going to be a scary thing. Well, the process is scary, but not death itself. So if love is your link to the future. So my goal of having 50 Andrew Tates is not just for them to just exist, but they also have to be exceptional. They will be in training from the second they are born. They will be correct roster. And it's take tate take t take. You'll see. Watch. They have cuz they have no choice. Cuz they have no choice. And I've I've I've heard the asinine conversations. People have said to me, "What if they don't want to do what you want them to do?" What version of reality will my sons not want to do what I want them to do? And what version of reality even it's called it's this is the exact [ __ ] that's wrong with the world. this this I don't even know what to call it. This complete garbage. They're going to come along and say that your own blood, your own DNA, your son is going to be completely different to you. No, they're going to get scoped. If you allow your children to be scoped, sure. Well, I my children will not be scoped. I'm not going to allow it. They're not going to be going to some school convincing them of anything stupid. My children will be born with my biology and the only imprint in their mind will be mine. and they will perform exceptionally because it is expected of them. And that is the bottom line. There is no failure. There is nothing other than what I want them to do. That's what they're going to exist for. And the day they can kick my ass, that can change. But until that day, I'm in charge. So, they better go train anyway cuz otherwise they're going to lose forever. That's the bottom line of it. I refuse to have some version of reality where I'm going to have a kid and let them make their own decisions to go do dumb [ __ ] No. I'm trying to figure out if you're like a very soft soft father behind the scenes or you're I'm super soft. I'm a nice man. Everyone describes you as a nice man. Joke. I genuinely think that as well. I am a nice man. I just need to be not nice man. You've got a soft side as well that no one gets to see. I'm soft all the time. I'm a nice I'm ruining his brand. I apologize. I'm I'm misunderstood. I'm a very nice man as long as I'm listened to. That's it. As long as you do as I say. I'm a very nice man. They wake up. I'm the world's nicest man. And and this is Tate World. And we could talk about the children. It does not just children, my girlfriend, whatever. This is Tate World. Welcome to Tate World. You ain't got to worry about anything. You have no stress in your life. You get private jets and boats and handbags and Birkkins and beautiful shoes. But I It's a train. It's on a track and it's my track and you obey or you get off the train. Okay. Nothing changes. All right. So, I'm a nice man the whole time. I'll be nice to my children. I'm not going to be abusive to them. Not abusive, but how how but they have no they have they in what version of reality can a can a can a boy start karate age three and learn the things I want him to learn age four and be a chess master age six or seven and he's studying all day every day along with his other brothers under his father's tutelage and end up siloed. Why are we pretending he won't want to be the man he will become? Right. So, how would you react if one of your your kids just said, "Dad, I'm gay." Impossible. Look, if it happens, Impossible. I don't believe it. All right. I think you'll be extremely understanding. Probably, but I just don't believe it will happen. And I'm 50. Statistically, it might happen. Now, if it does happen, that's not going to change my expectations of him. Let's say I had a son who's gay, right? That doesn't mean you're allowed to be a degenerate. doesn't mean you're allowed to be uh running around naked. Does it become his choice? Any age? No, it doesn't become his choice. You can be gay and not be a degenerate. No, I mean for not gay. Just any of your sons at age 18 if they want to be degenerate and live that life. No. Okay. No. No. What do you mean no? This is all No. But my point is to to finish the gay point. If he says I'm gay, but I still fight. I still train. I still understand the power of physical and mental fortitude. I'm not a degenerate. I'm not running around fornicating or pushing this agenda as in front of children's faces, but I'm gay. Cool. I'm gay, so now I get to make it my personality and I get to degrade society by extension. No, that's not acceptable. Then there's going to be a confrontation. That's going to happen. But I don't even believe that will happen. I don't think that's possible. I don't live in that version of reality. That's not going to happen to me. It can't. God God wouldn't do that to me. No. My sons will the whole UFC roster will be taped. I've said it here now. They will play this clip in 30 years from now. That's what's going to happen. There's no other way it can't happen. That's what my billions are going to be spent on. That's what's going to happen. What about your daughters? Well, my daughters, it's actually interesting because if you're my if you're born my daughter, you have a much easier life because they're boyfriends and not well. Yeah. But I think that women's beauty is in their naivity and their innocence. So, I want my daughters to be happy. I that's all I care about. I don't care if my sons are happy because I'm all happy. Welcome to the world. We're men. I don't wake up every day court. No, I wake up every day, okay, another day of war. So if you're my son, your your your life path has happiness has very little to do with it because I believe as a man chasing happiness is probably the most asinine thing you can do. It's the easiest way to lose as a man is to chase happiness. What will make me happy is not how you win as a man. How you win as a man is I don't care how I feel, what must be done. Whereas my daughters, I just want them to be happy. So, they're going to be spoiled head to toe and I'm going to do my very best to spoil them exclusively and explicitly. So, I say to them, the day you get a boyfriend, he takes over you financially and you're spoiling. So, unless he can match what I'm giving you, be very careful who you choose. That's actually Yeah, that's what I'm going to and say, "You live this beautiful princess life and everything is perfect and you're driving that pink Porsche and you're flying on these jets and you're doing all this. The second you get a boyfriend, he's paying for your life. So, you better be very careful who you pick. You pick a if you pick a bum, then you're going to be then that's fine because the the money tap stops from me." And you know, it's not that I'm not forgiving, but I'm not forgiving and it'll never turn back on. So hopefully she'll understand that and she'll live off of my money for as long as it takes for her to meet a man of caliber who can take care of her and make sure that their dynasty and bloodline are going to be financially secure. And then I will sit down with him and I will tell him, "You better give me 50 grandsons or I'll whoop your ass and I'll threaten him and then my 50 sons will be next to me so he'll know not to mess with me." And that's how it's going to go. And that's the Tate dynasty. Me and my 50 boys will intimidate my daughter's husband into making sure there's 50 more grandchildren. I'm I'm being hyperbolic before I end up in the BBC. Yeah, but that's the bottom line. Yeah. I mean, what's the point? What are we here for? Is it There's so many ancient things we've forgotten about. This was the whole point of being a king in the first place, wasn't it? King Henry, how many women's heads did he have to chop off to try and get a son? Like this was the point of even having a dynasty or having a last name or having money or having purple or do any of these things in the first place was to pass it on to your next generation. This new mind, this new think of I'm this person and I'm not that interested in having kids. But if I do have kids, they don't have to be anything like me or think like me or represent my family name or represent my dynasty or stick up for what I stuck up for. They can just go and go to school and they can learn whatever the school wants them to learn and they can decide for themselves. It's [ __ ] That's not true. It's never been true. Your children are born and you suffer to raise them so they replicate you. And unless a maybe a lot of the people who don't have a desire for children aren't We talk about narcissism. I I approached the narcissism from another angle. I want clones. That's the only reason I want kids. I want me. So you mean having kids in your eyes could be narcissistic? Oh, no. Absolutely. I want clones of me. There will be 50. They have this. They're all going to be called Andrew Tate. 50 of them. 100%. What's the point in having them for any other reason? I don't I don't understand this. I mean, and and people disagree with me on this all the time. I don't understand this. Oh [ __ ] Yeah. Let your let your kids go and find their individuality. I'm not saying that, you know, people aren't individuals. What I'm saying is that if you're born with a certain last name, there's certain expectations of you. I mean, the elites believe this. Soros believes this. Trump believes this. You're a this, so you must do this. The people on the good side and the bad side believe this. The banking dynasties believe this. Kim Jong-un believes it. Like this is not even a controversial really opinion. It seems to be only the plebs of earth who go, I'll have a kid and they'll just disagree with me on everything. Oh well, let me just feed them. Who wants some sweets? Want some candy? Please clean your room. It's gay. It's gay and it's stupid. My children are going to obey. They're going to obey me. Bro, I'm going to send a love message to my dad for a second. To obey me. I love your dad. And I and and the reason I'm saying that is because I obeyed my father. He was a hush father and I love him with all my heart. The only wish I have is for a stricter childhood. This idea that if you have a strict childhood, you're going to grow up regretting it. Absolutely not. I wish it was even stricter. I wish I didn't even get away with the few things I got away with. But when my father spoke, it was like God giving a command from the heavens. There was no, "Oh, I don't want to." It didn't even cross my mind to think I could say no. You had to obey. Did he beat you as well? He hit me if I deserved it. Did you deserve it a lot? Sometimes. Yes. Did Tristan deserve it as well? Tristan got hit quite a lot less actually. I was going to guess that. I'm not surprised. But I don't like the word beat cuz that sounds like No. But there was a line and if I crossed that line v physical violence would appear. But that's the same here in the world. To sit and pretend that that's not the line all men live within is again asinite. That's the line. If I go up to a man in the street and say I don't like your shirt and he'll say who are you? And I'll say and I don't like your wife and [ __ ] you. Sooner or later he's going to try and hit me. There's a line in in life. My dad made it very clear where the line was. M it wasn't like he didn't get drunk. He didn't lose his temper. He didn't beat me at random. He said, "Here's a line, son. Here's the rules of this house." Unlike the western democracies with their shadowy rules, I lived in a very simple system. When I say something, you listen. If I have to say it twice, you better hope I'm in the mood to say it twice. And if I'm not, then then you've crossed the line. So So obey. And I and and people, you know what's funny about my house? My friends used to always say, they say, "Your house is so weird." Because it was when you were a child. Yeah. Because it was so stringent. Like we'd be sitting there playing Nintendo in the summer to play Nintendo. And dad would walk in and say, "Water, all of you go drink water now." And I'd stand up and I'd go and I'd pour water from the tap and I'd drink it. And my friends would be like, "Why do you have to drink water?" Like because dad said so. And then I'd be like, "Why though? Why does your parent Why does he just yell at you to drink water?" In the States. Yeah. In the States. Yeah. And I was like, "Well," and I was just like, "But he said drink it, so I'm drinking it." And and and my my my friend, he was a white guy, so maybe that's why he had white. But he was like, "Yeah, but what if you're not thirsty?" I'm like, "He didn't ask if I was thirsty. He told me to drink the water, so I'm drinking it." Like I I was kind of confused why he was confused. But my my dad in retrospect was right. It was 100° in Goan, Indiana. We're sitting there all day, no water, because we're kids playing Nintendo. Drink some water. He's right. There was nothing bad about me drinking that water. In any other household, I would have said, "I'm not thirsty. I don't want it. Why? Later, you give me it." That I see all these kids act. In my house, it wasn't like that. He walked in. He gave a command. It wasn't questioned. I didn't have to understand his reasoning. There was no business deal. It was just instant compliance. And I did as I was told. And my children will do exactly the same thing. Whereas my my friends were completely perplexed by this. Why doesn't he bring you the water if he wants you to drink it? Why do you have to drink it? What if you're not thirsty? Why can't you have soda? How often does he do this? We were in the middle of a game. Like at seven or eight, these kids were so flabbergasted by the fact that a big man will come in and give a command. But that's always been my life. He came in, he gave commands, and I obeyed the commands. And it it served me very well. It made me into the person I am today. And I'm happy with who I am. So, I must be happy with how I was raised. And I want my [ __ ] sons to be like me, so I need to raise them the way I was raised. I'm not going to do business deals with children. I see people raising their kids today. It's a business deal all the time. If you clean your room, I'll give you like you're bargaining with a seven-year-old. You are seven. You are seven. And if you want to survive in my house, you're going to obey me instantly. I don't know why this is controversial, but for some reason it is. But we'll see when I have my 50 sons and they're all on the UFC roster. I'm like, "How did Andrew do that?" Wow. It's really not complicated because I told them to train. I gave a command and I was obeyed and that was the bottom line. And there was none of this, "Oh, I don't want to train." Look, it's 50 sons, man. They'll build a coalition against you. Well, we've seen the kung fu movies where all the students attack the master at the end. I'm I train every day myself. I'm prepared for this. So if the day they beat me, they can have some power, but until that day, I'm master splinter. You don't you don't talk a lot about your family, and I said I won't ask, but I'll ask anyway because I'm curious. Um, so I know you don't share, you know, where they live and and their names, etc. And and these are questions I won't ask, or if I ask, you just won't answer them. But I'm again curious how many you have already. So I'm going to try to give it another shot. How many kids do you have approximately? Between eight and 11. That's actually a pretty good approximation. Yeah. All right. So, we're a fifth of the way. Almost a about a fifth of the way there. No, that's not all. So, [ __ ] Got a long way to go. We got Well, I've got time. Do you freeze your sperm as well? Cuz I think you need to do that. Well, I could cheat and use science. I could cheat and use science. We're going to see how it all works out. I'm going to beat this. I'm going to beat this case. But I was answering the question when I was saying my primary objective post this case is to have 50 sons and I will consider all avenues to get that done. Okay. So, that'll be one of the main things you do. You said there's no possibility that you'll just just retire from all this even for a period of time. Say, "Look, I need a break for a couple of years." No, because I don't need a break. I don't need a In fact, it's going to be the opposite. When this ends, I'm going to be like, "Ah, shucks. Now what?" All right. I You don't believe that I'm going to miss all this garbage. I know you don't believe me, but I'm telling you, my whole life has only ever been. From the age of four, I was playing chess professionally. I was a professional chess player and then I became a professional athlete and I was a professional fighter and now I get to fight against the Matrix inside of the Romanian legal system. Probably one of the most rigged games you can possibly play in a language I don't understand. It's entertaining. I need a new I need something else. Confinement doesn't sound entertaining. No, that's just the consequence of losing which motivates you to try harder. It's entertaining. It's an entertaining struggle. It's a game. It's entertaining. I'm not I'm not saying it's fun in the entertaining. Oh, happy entertaining. I'm saying it's entertaining as it gets my attention. It gets my attention. And not many things really do to be honest with you in this world. Not many things really get my attention. I see people and they're like, "Oh, wow. A new movie's out." Couldn't give a [ __ ] And oh Netflix, have you seen this show? It's great. [ __ ] It's not real. It doesn't matter. Do you like the adrenaline of it? Well, I I guess so. That's because that one I could relate to. Well, we're all biochemical creatures. I guess I do enjoy the adrenaline. I mean, when I was last arrested and they and the judge let me go, you saw how angry I was when I came out and I was yelling at the cameras saying this is disgusting. I don't know if you saw that clip me saying this is disgusting what they're doing to us. We have families, etc. I was chemically charged. Sure. Yeah. I mean, what is life? You want to feel things. That's why. Why does a drug addict do drugs? To feel something. Even if it destroys his life. To feel something. That's why people our drug mind is business. Yours is [ __ ] up the world. Well, it's not [ __ ] up. It's not [ __ ] up. It's it's I'm saying that if you are feeling something, even though there are negatives attached to that emotion, if you are feeling something in this world nearly devoid devoid of emotion completely, you're always going to miss it. If you even ask a drug addict, how was it when you were addicted? part of him will say, "Well, you know, I I did I did have some good times that there's something about it." I'm not saying I want to lose. I'm not saying I'm guilty. I'm saying that I am currently entertained because the consequence is significant. And how can you be entertained by something with no significant consequence? If you play a video game and you can't die, it's boring. It only matters if you can die. Why is gambling entertaining? Because you lose your money. If every time you gambled, you lost your money. They just gave it back to you. You wouldn't you wouldn't even feel anything when the wheel spins. I'm not saying I'm guilty of anything. In fact, the fact that I'm innocent makes it more entertaining. If I was guilty, I'd be kind of defeist. I'd be kind of like, "Oh, well, that's justice. Does it? I deserve it." But because I'm innocent, I'm like, "No, I have to win." And it keeps me occupied. When this is gone, I'm going to fill it with trying to have 50 sons because otherwise I can't just be occupied by the mundane, normal. A lot of especially people who don't have lots and lots of money imagine that you get into this rich world and once you're rich world becomes fun. And really the only thing that's fun in life is work. The only thing that's fun is the thing that made you rich in the first place. That's the reason it made you rich because you found it fun. There are no fun activities to do once you're rich. The only thing you can really do is slow things down. So a poor person has a 1-hour lunch. I'm allowed a 4-hour lunch. Great. You know, you can you can add some time to things. But I I don't know. I see there are some other rich people who, you know, they get enamored by wine and they think that giving their life to tasting different grapes is somehow not a complete waste of consciousness. But they're [ __ ] and that's why they're not important and that's why they're not going to have 50 sons in the UFC roster. And that's why no one knows who the [ __ ] they are. So when when I talk to other millionaires and like, "Oh yeah, I'm going to wine. I like to spend my time wine." Well, then you go do that. I'm having 50 sons and I'm fighting the Matrix. I I guess I life is just it's a game. We're living in a simulation and if you want a high score, you have to choose the highest difficulty. Yeah. So, I want a high score. I get to be a legend when I walk this case. The remaining legal system with a 97% conviction rate came at me with a false indictment and I walked high score, high difficulty, high consequence, or I get to go to Rhova, the worst jail in Europe, like an old Soviet Russian jail. Either way, it's going to be a cool story. Like, what are we so worried about? What's there to fear? I'm terrified of jail. You have no [ __ ] idea. Nah, you have no idea. Don't worry about it. It's fun. You just got to change your mentality towards things. You got to see it for what it is. And if you see it for what it is and you see it as an experience and see it as a way to upgrade yourself, men have never upgraded themselves in any other way but suffering ever. In fact, the only thing that would upset me about going to jail is it would delay my 50 sons. However, the stories from jail would be good for my 50 sons. So, e there's no light without dark. Perhaps if I can get enough conjugal visits if I can to pull off the thongs from jail, then I get the best of both worlds and I can tell them all the story of when I was thrown in a hole somewhere deep in Romania. You speak to Ryan Holiday about stoicism cuz you've kind of taken it to Ryan Holiday Ryan Holiday is a little [ __ ] I've seen his Twitter. There's nothing stoic about the guy. He's a [ __ ] baby crying his eyes out over Trump all day. Ryan Holidayiday, I could grab him by his neck. He doesn't like Trump. I could snap his neck. There's nothing stoic about him. He's a [ __ ] All right, I'll have to clip. I'm going to bleep that for your own sake. No, please. Ryan Holidayiday, [ __ ] you. Please put it in there. Um, the stoicism. No, but I'll tell you why. Ryan Holidayiday's I don't really I've never read his book and I don't know him. I've just seen him crying on Twitter, so he's not stoic. Okay. But Ryan Holidayiday, I'm assuming, but my assumptions are always right. His approach to stoicism is it's all okay no matter what happens. That's not my approach to stoicism. My approach to stoicism is actually very much rooted in something else, which is brutal competence. My approach to stoicism is I will survive it. I know that if you take most people with my wealth, they can't handle jail. But I know who I am. I am not a rich kid. I've never had an easy life. I didn't grow up with a silver spoon. In fact, I'm a poor person with a lot of money. I'm fine there. I will have more in common with those people and I will get along with those people, those criminals, and I have deeper conversations than I would with most other people. I'm fine there. I'm b my competence. My stoicism is rooted in my competence that I know I will survive it. So, what's there to actually fear? If time solves all things and I know I can do it, then fine. Put me there. I don't care. It doesn't matter. It's a simulation anyway. It's all a game. It doesn't matter. His stoicism is based in, oh, it's all fine. But if he went to Rahova, he would cry his eyes out like a [ __ ] and end up cleaning people's shoes. So, [ __ ] him. I was going to say you should read his book, uh, The Obstacle. It's a very short book, but you're passing. Now, I think you'll like it. So his his approach to it, I read it a while ago when I went went um so my main company um got scammed in 2018, lost millions. It was it destroyed me and that's when I started building my personal brand. Funny enough, I started my personal brand in Romania. That was when I made my first video back then. Wow. Back when I was naive. Um and back back to the point of of Ryan Holidayiday. So what he says is you get something negative, but you find something positive within it. So what he said, you go to jail, you're like, I can't have my kids, but I have good stories to tell them. So that's his approach. Now I haven't seen his I haven't looked at his social media. I mean I don't like I don't want to talk about him too much. Yeah. I want to be fun as well. No no no. But the the final point I'm going to make I don't really know him. I've just seen his Twitter and I can tell by his Twitter he's a dislikable person. The the but him coming along and and preaching stoicism etc. A lot of these people especially people who talk about Zen and Stoicism etc. I distrust. And this isn't specifically about him. This is about all of these people because they'll sit in a beautiful field with green green grass in Bali and they'll put on a stupid robe and they'll sit there and they'll do this and they'll say I'm zen. My mind is great. You're you're on you're in a beautiful field in Bali. Of course you're zen. What are you going to be upset about? It's sunny. It's not even raining. You have nothing to complain about. Go and be zen in a trench in Ukraine. Then show me your zen. If you're so zen and you're so fantastic with your mind, any of these people, I openly challenge you. Considering you're all physically incapable, go do an MMA fight and get the [ __ ] kicked out of you. Go on. You know, you know you're going to lose cuz you're a [ __ ] I know you're going to lose. You know you're going to lose. He's going to hurt you. But you're zen. Show me the power of your mind. Go get your ass whooped. Oh, no. You're scared. You won't do that. You won't go get in the cage and get grounded and pounded. I thought you were zen. Turns out you're only zen when everything's fine. That's not zen. It's not zen to be zen when everything's fine. So all these people with their spoiled little privileged lives and their yoga retreats. Oh, I feel so great in my yoga retreat. Oh, you feel so great in one of the most idilic locations on the planet eating food that's prepared for you. You feel great. Wow. Mental control. Look for the [ __ ] clown show. It's a clown show. If these people were truly who they wanted to pretend they are, they'd be in the trenches somewhere. The UFC fighter has more zen when he's getting punched in the face in front of all these people in front of his screaming wife worried about him losing consciousness forever. When he's taking shots to the face and still avoiding them and keeping a clear enough mind to slip the punches. That's more zen than anything Ryan Holiday has ever [ __ ] achieved or ever will achieve. He's a nobody. So all these people are full of [ __ ] because if they were truly zen, they'd live a life similar to mine. But they don't. They sit on the internet and they cry on Twitter and they write [ __ ] books. So [ __ ] his book and [ __ ] all but this is the truth about all this zen this whole it's not about him specifically. This whole sphere when I see people you see these threads on Twitter sometimes. I don't know if people are paid to make them but they'll come along and say this person is this. You don't know who he is but he's the guy behind. And they do like these breakdowns of people. Oh like the hit pieces Twitter hit. I don't think it's a hit piece. It's more like they're trying to promote people. I don't know if it's like an affiliate link. It's hard to explain it. But anyway, they talk about a lot of these people who have mental control and like he just he wrote this book about and he listen go to Don right now and get me a guy who survived the last three years in the trenches. I want to talk to him about mental control. I don't want to talk to some [ __ ] jackass living in a two-bedroom house in the Western world married to a six about mental control. He hasn't done anything. I want to talk to the guy in the trench. I want to hear about all the times he saw his friend's face explode. He knows mental control because he's still breathing. He didn't put a bullet in his own head. That's mental control. UFC fighters, professional boxers, these people have mental control. All of these self-help guru losers are losers. They are losers because if they were to enter the cage with me, I would show them they're a loser. I would show them and they'd feel it. And no amount of zen would reduce the fear that I see in their eyes, guaranteed. So I don't even buy into their prescription. My zen and my mentality is based on my competence. I'm not afraid of what can happen to me in that jail. I'm not afraid of getting jumped and stabbed and dying. So that's why I'm not afraid of going. Um I I want to go back to two points you've made earlier before we got going got into Ryan Holidayiday and stoicism. You talked about how you'll get bored if you go out and just take a break for a couple of years. And then we also talked about how, you know, as you get richer, you get to a stage where it's much harder to get that kick. You know, you know, what can you do? You know, go have nice expensive wine, travel to a new country, gets very boring. So, I can relate to that. So, is that in your opinion, is that what really drives you is that you're always looking for something more. It's never enough. And then the question, something that concerns me because I'm I'm in that camp. So it's probably something I'm going to benefit from this question is like I'm always looking for more but then when you get certain level it gets concerning what more is and you can go down a path of pretty ugly path. You know some rich people do some crazy [ __ ] You seem to be in a position where you're always looking for more. What happens next? Become president. Yeah. Well that's it. But that built the modern world. Always looking for more is what built the world. It does. It's good for the world. But what about you? Yeah. Well that's the masculine imperative. I mean, we get it's like saying, "Well, what happens when you have two arms?" It's just It's just life. You just have two arms. Most people just have two arms. Most men are just born with a drive which is insatiable. That's why explorers decided to walk across Antarctica and freeze to death because it hadn't been done before. It doesn't even make logical sense. There's nothing there. It's ice. But they still did it. It's the masculine imperative. It's why we build taller and taller buildings. It's why Elon's going to put rockets in space. You're always going to constantly want more. What you're going to eventually have to do is do what I've done or the only conclusion I found is that instead of trying to live life myself, you're going to live vicariously through others. So, most men already do this. Most men get more enjoyment from giving than receiving. I talk about Christmas Day all the time, but it's a perfect example. A man gets happy by buying his wife and his kids expensive things. Nobody gets him expensive presents on Christmas Day. Men give. That's what you're supposed to do. You live vicariously through others. So, my money is boring to me now because I have so much of it. But I can put a smile on my woman's face by taking her on a jet to Italy and getting on a Ferrari and go to a beautiful hotel and giving her a nice gift. So, I live vicariously through her, which I think a lot of men end up doing. But if you're going to live vicariously through other people, then why not have 50 sons? Yeah. Um, I want to go back to the question of business. That's something I'm pretty fascinated by. You've talked about having 50 kids. You've talked about potentially moving to the US. From a business perspective, I know you have a lot of money. Not sure how much. Actually, did you lose a what percentage of your money, if any, did you lose since you got arrested? 5% maybe. That's it. Yeah. Really? When I was doing when I was doing all my interviews before I got arrested, I kept saying that they're going to try and put me in jail. So, I was preparing for it. So, I knew that they'd get some. It's not personal. It's not personal. It's like It's like, like I said, a professional fight. It's not personal. If they find it, they can take it. Everyone I've interviewed that's been to jail. They never want to discuss it. None of them. Have you heard Russell Brand have one interview about all the allegations? I know because he's trying to do what PL did, make it go away. Which my approach is different. I can see every other one. Everyone else's approach is to shy away from it. My approach is the only way out is through. My approach is let's go then. Let's go. I'm not trying to go anywhere. I'm right here. Come get me. But why why don't you just play a game like they did, get out of Romania, and then go extreme again? Sounds boring. Don't sound fun. Well, it's not fun. I'm not going to be entertained if I do that. But at least you'll have 50 kids or make it more likely to have 50 kids instead of being in jail for 5 years. I'm having 50 kids anyway. I can't be stopped. I'm a force of nature. I'm having 50 kids anyway. So, talking about money business, is there any What are your businesses right now? What's your model? What you get all that attention? You've done some crypto something. I'm very involved in. It's one of my biggest companies is in crypto. Um, and you've got your school, your university.com. Yep. What else do you have? What's your model like? And what plans do you have as well? Not your old stuff, more what what the model looks like now. Yeah, primarily the only thing I talk about online is my university. I do have some physical businesses as well. I have a coffee shop, a restaurant. I have a lot of commercial real estate and real estate and all these kind of things, but there's no point in talking about them online to preserve wealth rather than create wealth. That's right. I have a lot of I have some physical businesses, but I don't talk about them a lot online. Primarily online, I talk about university.com, which is my online educational platform where we teach people how to make money online for $49 a month. We also teach fitness. So, we teach people how to make money and get strong for $49 a month. Part of the university of the university. Yeah. And and that does make a lot of money, but I don't do that now primarily for income. I do that now because it's my symbol of resistance against the matrix. I take young men and I say, "Look, there's an alternative to the traditional education path. It's here. You'll get rich quick. You'll get strong quick. And I'm outperforming traditional university, which is actually, I've heard from very prominent people, one of the primary reasons I became a target for the Matrix in the first place, because I was attacking the educational establishment. Yeah, I remember you say that a lot. Because a university grift is a big grift. It's a big scam to get people to get all this money out in loans to go to university and it's not effective and they don't teach them anything important and you don't get rich at the end of it. Whereas my school for $49, you start to make money within a week. And I have a lot of people who have literally decided to join my school to try it out before they go uni and then they end up never going to university because they make so much money. So I think it's one of the reasons I got put on the radar and they've tried very hard to destroy this school. They've tried very hard to slander it and destroy it and remove the payment processing and all the mainstream media trying to take it down. Yeah. Yeah. Well, during the cancellation, they tried to say my school is some evil school that teaches boys how to be evil when really it just teaches you how to make money online and get fit. And we have a a fitness campus inside of it. We're going to add a How many students do you have? This morning 174,000 something. [ __ ] hell. How many was it before you got arrested? Um I think it's gone up since then. I think I was about 150,000 when I was arrested. It's gone up. And then at one point it was 230,000. But then anyone who's an active we call. So, if you don't actually do the lessons, we don't How much are they paid? $49 a month. Holy [ __ ] Yeah. I don't know the math. 11, 12, 13 million a month. Um, but but I don't do it for I don't do it for money. I do it because it's my symbol of resistance. I'd make the school free if I could. But if I made it free, then it would just be flooded with people who don't take it seriously. So, I make it cost nothing. $49. So, anyone can afford it so that you actually do the lessons and you pay attention and we can cancel you and kick you out because we know who you are because you're linked to a credit card. We had long conversations about making it a dollar or something. But yeah, so I've got the online educational platform which is university.com. I've got the war room which is my private network which is for men who want to make money, yes, but also enjoy all the things that money brings, especially networking and brotherhood and masculine fraternity. Those are the only things I mention online. But I do have a bunch of other things that exist out here in the more physical world. But as in the revenue generation, that's the main one. the the university and I think you do a lot a lot in a lot more than what you've said in crypto because you've only done like there's only the ones that where you you know well the well the way the way things are set up I don't own anything and I don't own anything through different holding companies. Well, I don't I don't own anything. Okay, I get it. Yeah. And there's a whole bunch of different companies that generate money and I I pay myself a very meager I'll be honest. I don't know why people are afraid to say these things. I pay myself a very meager and modest million dollars a week and that's what I spend and that's it. And a lot more money than that is made, but it just sits in Singaporean banks and we have a lot of different things happening all around the world. But I pay myself a million dollars a week and I spend all of it. I spend 100% of the money I I take and that's it. You spend a million dollars a week at least now? Yeah. On sitting at home? Yeah. Yeah. What do you do? Well, I I mean I bought another Pagani Utopia a couple days ago. That's six million. And that's my third one, I think. So, I just buy cars primarily now and diamond watches. But what else am I going to do? I want house. How many cars again? You said it was 70. You said no. 76 I think now. But yeah, so I happy makes you happy. Yeah, exactly. So, I do make a lot of money, but when I when this is all over, I'm going to focus all I'm going to stop buying cars and junk and I'm going to focus on having my 50 sons and I'm going to create an army. But I thought I get it about the suns regarding the cars. I saw it initially as a strategy to obviously you know social media strategy makes a lot of sense but you only need two, three, four, five, six for that max. Yeah. Why the [ __ ] 70? This is what I mean about when poor people think they get rich and they think there's, you know, this magical world once you get rich. There's really nothing to buy as a man. I mean, you get Yeah. Well, you get some clothes and you get a nice car and you get some watches. What else is there? But you didn't seem like you don't seem like the type of person that would enjoy buying another [ __ ] car. No, but I love I love driving and I think they're beautiful and I'm going to put them all in the line. Where are they? Okay. Decott. Decott has sent Mario. They took but they took some in Romania, didn't they? They took some, I think. And they did they they didn't me didn't take the one in Dubai. They tried. Or did they did? It's not in Dubai anymore, but uh they didn't. No, they they never got the Bugatti. When they first bust in the house, they were asking me where it is. They didn't care about human trafficking. They cared about stealing my Bugatti. funnily enough. I think here they told they took 30 cars and I got most of them back cuz the judge Yeah. The judge ruled that the seizure was illegal, which it is. The seizure is illegal. It's nice to see the legal system actually working in some ways. You know, I have to be careful what I say about the Romanian legal system because No, now you Well, after everything you said already. Oh, I've said nothing yet because I'm in the middle of the Romanian legal system. But this is from a layman. What I believe happens in Romania primarily is that they're very forgiving of the authorities breaking the laws if they get what they want at the end. So Decott will illegally spy or illegally tamp illegally tap a phone or they'll illegally uh get a warrant for a search by lying in the search warrant. They'll do all this illegal stuff, but then they'll get the cocaine and then they'll say, "Judge, we were illegal and we broke all the rules, but look, we found cocaine. He's a co he's a drug dealer." And the system here is kind of like, "Fair enough, jail." And they kind of let them get away with it. But for that to happen, you need a payoff. You need to get the Did they get the payoff with you? No, because it doesn't exist. They thought cuz I was talking on the internet about how I used to have a big webcam company. They thought there was this AE girls enslaved. They thought all this garbage and then they realized, "Oh, this we the only girl we can find is this friend sticking up for him. There's no one to even find." So, so, so they they didn't get the cocaine at the end. So, their problem now is that inside of their indictment, inside of their criminal file, they've broken, I think, 111 laws. Like, so what happens then to them? Well, this is what's interesting. Can you sue them back? I don't think so. It's a judge is eventually going to read it and throw it away. That's what that that's 99% going to happen because the whole file and indictments is illegal. You and and when I say illegal, I mean simple things like if they're going to interview a person who is not natively Romanian, they need to have a translator there. If you interview an English person, Decott by law needs an English translator. Translator wasn't there. Against the law. Interview is not allowed to be in the criminal file. It's against the law. It's it's very simple laws. They broken. They broken every law. They've taken WhatsApp conversations and they've put part from October. I remember that. Yeah. Yeah. Part from December. They cut them together and they would leak them. They Yeah. They leaked them after editing them all. They they'd edit they'd edit things. They fake translations. So with the poor girls, Georgiana, my assistant, and and Lana, they they take their conversations in Romanian and they translate them to English and instead of kick her out, they'd say kick her. And then they'd take that, they'd remove the word out. They'd then charge them with incitement to violence. Like it's crazy how corrupt this case is. That's insane. But they get away with these things when they get the payoff. None of that would matter if they found 80 girls enslaved. But what happens if they don't get the payoff? Well, then I walk and there I guess we'll have to see if there's any kind of repercussion to the Romanian judicial system. I don't know what happened. I'm not interested in vengeance. Truthfully, I'm not. And I don't trust Romania to care that a prosecutor was corrupt. I just think that's just how it works here. I'm not naive enough to last question before going back to crypto. What happened to the girl that went to jail with you? Is you, Tristan, Lana, or two other girls? Two girls? Yeah, they're out. They're both out. They're both outrest. Uh, no, they're they're free now. I think completely free. Yeah, completely free. They left the country? No, they're still here. Are they allowed to leave the country? I'm not sure. I don't talk to them. I'm not allowed to talk to them. I have an injunction, but um I believe they're free. Yeah. So, yeah, it's been interesting. But but but but that's how the criminal case that's how the criminal system works here primarily. And I have a feeling that's not Romania specific. I actually think a lot of the world works that way. Okay. Um, going back to crypto, so what's your strategy there? Well, I've made Daddycoin because I was tired of all these other coins just rugging everywhere. You've created Daddycoin. Well, no, somebody else created Daddycoin and then I decided to work with him and I said, but we're going to have a celebrity coin that doesn't rug and that lasts forever. So, my goal with Daddycoin is to try and create another Doge that lasts three or four years, five years, six years. I'm very adamant on this. I like a lot of people. So I can I give you context been in crypto since 2017 over 110 team members now. Um we do more on the VC side and incubation side but we have a team of about 10 to 15 now that deal with meme coins and you know I I spoke to some of them to understand what you've done in the space. Um a lot of them are surprised why you still stick with daddy. It reminds me of Jason Derulo. I interviewed him and great guy. He tried to do the same with Jason. He his had a Jason coin. His intentions were good, not like the others that rugged, but it went it's nothing now. It's below $5 million, I think. Um, why are you sticking to Daddy uh the way you have been? Yeah. I My my goal was not just to try and make money quickly or to launch a coin and make money from it. I don't think I've even made any money from Daddy yet. My goal was to just primarily have a foot in the crypto space. And the reason I'm different from other celebrities is because I have an actual infrastructure and ecosystem that can back up Daddy. I think Daddy peak was 300 million. Then I burnt all that money. I burnt my my allocation. I burnt my 110 million publicly. That reduced the market cap to like 220 or something. And now it's at like 60 or something like that. It never goes below 60. It was at 110 last week. It goes up and down. But I have to say the fact that it's still there is an achievement. Oh yeah. It's been around for like nine months now. All the amount of celebrity coins that have come and gone. There's I can't think of any. There's the one that Iggy I think Iggy's one is still she has one. I don't I don't know what camp is. Yeah. I'm not sure about that. But yeah, most have come and like like thousands have come and gone in that time. But my goal with daddy is for it to exist forever. It's just a footprint. It's the same reason I wanted university.com. I wanted a cool domain. I want my own coin. I want my own tower one day. Why does Trump have Trump Tower? So I made Daddycoin. It's going to exist on the blockchain forever and it's mine. And when I'm free, my world tour that I'm going to do is going to be the Daddy World Tour. funnily enough, I'm making my 50 sons and having the Daddy World Tour. So, it kind of all ties Daddy World Tour. This is going to I'm going to do a speaking events all around the world. And you've already announced that? No, I haven't announced it yet. Once I'm free, I'm going to do that and I'm going to use those speaking events to promote Daddycoin. Are you sure that you But you've got the real world token that you're launching or that's shelved for now? No. So, the real world token is something that I'm going to launch once I get SEC approval because I want it to be a security. Well, now with Trump and Gendler, it's much better news. That's right. So I don't but you want it to be a security. I want people to get paid for owning it. So the profits So it's nothing to do with the memecoin. It's a utility token. It's a utility token and the profits from the school each month will be divided by the token holders. So however much of the supply of token you own, you're going to get paid daily or monthly or weekly from the profits of the school. And I'm going through SEC to do everything correctly and properly to make sure that we don't try and skirt around it and catch an SEC case. No, I'm going there. my legal team have already instructed we're going to go and get SEC approval and that's when we're going to launch the real world token. So basically you'll be able to buy 5% of my school by buying 5% of the real world token supply. So I'm going public but like web 3. Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of how I'm going to do it. Um and one of the reason Yeah, it is cool. Yeah, it is cool. And and that like you can't hate on that. I can't think of anything to hate on that because the utility also is also very interesting. like you have to go to the the school and actually go through the exercise and go through the courses to be able to earn. Well, yeah. Well, exactly. And also, you can buy the token, which allows you to own percentage of the school, but also you can earn the token. So, if you go to the school and you work hard and you make a lot of money and you increase your power level inside of the real world, we'll give you the token for free. So, you can actually earn part of the school and own part of the school without even have to buy part of the school. So, it's a big experiment we're putting together and it's going to be tied to daddy somehow because I'm going to make sure the daddy I think we're next. But are you sure if daddy feels like it's becoming baggage? I think it's you should reconsider it. I I think I don't know. I I can't because daddy's going to the moon. I'm going to make sure of it. I'm going to do the daddy tour. The real world token is going to be specifically tied to the school. I think daddy's were almost finished with the staking and that's going to increase your power level inside of the real world which is going to correlate into the token. But nothing I do I ever abandon or forget. It's not how I work. My my um Daddy Daddy will go to a billion. I'm telling you, at some point in the next three or four years, Daddy's going to go to a billion. Even if I have to do it myself. Even if I have to buy it all myself, it's going to a billion. Just so I can say I did it, it's going to a billion. So there's no doubt about that. And the real world token, we're waiting for SEC, but obviously Trump's changed things. But that'll be fantastic news for the legal team who are getting getting that all done. But that's going to be primarily tied to the school. You should do a lot more in crypto, by the way. I should perhaps, but you know, I have my pet projects. I have my things. The real world token is going to be for the school. I have the Daddycoin. That's my footprint on the the crypto ecosystem. I mean, I do get maybe 20 offers a day about crypto. Do you do you accept many? Because on a hard paid gigs, I don't think I accept hardly any. It's hard. It's It's hard to convince me. There was one you did that did a space about it. Was it like MAGA or something? MAGA. I did it, but that was because of the Trump affiliation and that space was it had a coin linked to it. Yes. But I did that, but I don't think I don't It's very different to you shilling it directly. Yeah. I don't and I have to be very honest. I don't know if if or how much we got paid for that. That would have been my legal team said, "Can you do this?" Yeah. By the way, just to kind of put it out there, I've my team and I have a whole media team in crypto. We've worked with many meme coins and I know the risk and we're very transparent about it. So, I I think it's very normal. It's fine. People understand the risk as long as you're not out there saying like lying like saying this coin will go to the moon and I'm putting my money in it. I'm backing it. They've never paid me. I just love the coin, but they've paid you behind the scenes. I think that the lack of transparency is the issue. I did. Yeah, I did the MAGA coin space and I don't know how well that's doing now. I guess it's doing well. I haven't checked it. Well, Trump's one, so I guess it's doing well, but I don't think I even own any of it. I don't know what my my actually we compete with it. We have another the Trump coin. Is it called MAGA as well? The one we work with. We have a MAGA coin that we work with. There are 400 million. So, we're in a similar boat. Not that your one. Your one I don't think we work with. But going back to to like with your reach and your understanding of crypto because you know the space well. I listened to your interview with Thread Guy. Great [ __ ] guy. He's a really good chat. Um really good back and forth. And and you've been in crypto for a while. Your Bitcoin is worth a [ __ ] ton now. You've even made a whole bunch of money with uh Pancake Swap. Yeah, I made a lot with Cake. Maybe I I can't even remember how much I made. 30 40 million with cake. [ __ ] hell. Yeah, I had cake at like 10 cents. Yeah, I did really good with cake. Oh [ __ ] So yeah, I've been I've been in crypto for a long time. Yeah. Yeah. And you But you shhat on it for a while. No, I never shout on it. I was just You sh on the people in the space. Well, that's rightly so. And that's the reason I launched Daddycoin. I said that it's become I mean the degenerate gambling is fine if you understand it's degenerate gambling, which is one thing. I think primarily I was attacking NFTTS because I think NFTs I was never a fan of and NFTs never convinced me when the whole NFT craze came around. I was already very heavy into crypto and people were trying to convince me to buy these NFTs. Never touched them. They never convinced I've got like you know the punk. That's all I have. Yeah. You know the punk? Yeah. Have you lost money on it? Um I think yeah I think I lost or break even. I don't know. But it wasn't it was just one as more of a of a stance and that that's doing well. That's like the blue chip. I mean that one in the ape to an extent. There's a few blue chips, but the space meant [ __ ] 99% of crypto's pump and dump. Yeah. Yeah, it is. And that's the problem with the whole crypto space as a whole. And I think I talked about this uh extensively on thread guy. Yeah, it was a great if anyone that was a great chat you and him. Yeah. About the culture. The culture of crypto is very degenerate in terms of there's no honor or dignity about it. Everyone's just out to rug and steal from each other. And I didn't like that. And that's one of the reasons I launched Daddy. And that's the reason I'm going to make sure Daddy goes to a billion no matter what it takes, even if I had to do it myself. Just because I said I was going to do it, so I'm going to do it. I'm never going to rug anybody. I'm never going to sell out. I don't I mean, it's kind of amazing to me that these celebrities will destroy their brands for such little amounts of money, but I guess music I guess music doesn't pay what people think it does. I guess they need the money. I I'm assuming. I mean, I don't know how much music even pays nowadays. Nobody buys CDs, so you get your money from concerts. Spotify can't pay you that much. I'm not sure what I'm not sure how much the average record artist gets paid or how much money they even have. You know, one of the worst things, one of the worst experiences of life would be famous without money. Because to have money without being famous is a bit money without being famous is the best. People say it's the best, but it's not because I'm telling you those people, they think it's the best when they're in the club and they're yacht and until a famous person walks in and then they and then you see in their face. Yeah. Yeah. And they don't like it. But they're scared to be famous because being famous comes with the heat. So they don't like being famous. So they want to be rich and anonymous. that that's all great until I walk in the room and then you see you see it in their eyes. But to be famous without money is far worse. I mean be to be famous without money is terrible. You can't go work like if people know your songs and you've had a few songs on Spotify. You can't go work at McDonald's. They'll make fun of you for the rest of your life. You'll be all over social media. Your honor and dignity is down the pant. You can't just go do a normal job and you're expected to have money and you don't have money. Well then you do a pump and dump I guess along with whatever else. And I'm think there's actually a lot of people in that predicament in that scenario. I think there's loads of singers and actors in that scenario because the number of singers and actors there now are is ridiculous. The amount of times you're going to hear a song and love the song and have no idea who sung it. That happens to me all the time. Load up Netflix. How many actors are on Netflix? 50,000 actors. Are they all getting paid that much money? Seems not. Going back to Going back to I'm going to give you a business model. Let me know what you think. could be something interesting for you. Not that you need the money. You need to stop. You don't need to say that again. I understand. But it's always nice to have more another source of revenue. Sure. You know, you got multi-billionaires still creating more businesses. Absolutely. Um so with your personal brand and I was wondering why you don't do that. So one thing in crypto is when you have clout um when you have influence, you get access to deals very early because they want to have you on the cap table and they want to have your reach. So this is part one of our models is that we have the media reach. We have the personal brand that I built which is obviously much smaller than yours. Um but that allows us to come into deals. We invest in what 10 deals a week maybe no less five to 10 deals a week and that's probably one of the most lucrative models. And then we have the incubation side and I leverage my personal brand to kind of create a moat. So maybe with what you and Tristan have built as a personal brand um and as an audience, you got a massive massive community is you've [ __ ] around with meme coins and you've killed it there is get deeper into the space like look at how well the space is doing. Maybe that could be something fun you could do as well. Get deeper in the space, build out, partner with someone in the space and build out that whole um incubation investment side. Do you invest much in projects? VC back projects? No. Okay. That could be something you should do. I could. It's interesting. Or I could just pump daddy to a billion and make fun of everyone on the internet. I tried. You tried. You tried hard. It was a good pitch. But maybe I could just pump daddy and I could just make videos doing my dance with my brother and just say, "Haha, daddy's the best. Look at me. I made it to a billion." I mean, for me, I'm in it for the I'm in it for the lols. I'm not in it for much else. So, but you are the biggest celebrity coin. So, you I'm the biggest celebrity coin. I'm doing pretty good. But if I were to divert my attention or my resources or my powers, it would detriment my ability to pump daddy and the real world token will be backed by the school. So that's going to do fantastically in and of itself. But right now, my primary objective is daddy. I'm going to wait till I'm free. I'm going to do a daddy world tour. I'm going to get daddy to a billion. Maybe once that's done, I'll be open to more ideas. But for now, I just want to put daddy at a billion because I said I'd do it. What do you think? Why did Elon put a Roadster in space? Tesla Roadster. Because he said he would. It's just at certain points you just do things because you said you're going to do them. Fair. It's just so I'm that's what I'm going to do. Um you also said something very interesting and I think the community will will find value in it. You said there's a difference between attention versus influence. Remember you were talking about crypto influences. Absolutely. Can you can you repeat that? Can you dig into that a bit further? Well, that's true. I mean there's a whole lot of people that are watched but they have attention but that's very different than having influence. And people have to trust you for you to be influential over them. The reason my coin does so well or the reason my school does so well is people listen to me and they trust me. They know I know things, but there's a whole bunch of people who get large amounts of views on streaming platforms, but they don't come across as intelligent. Perhaps they're entertaining because they're a clown. People may laugh at them as opposed to with them, but nobody trusts them. So that's the problem with a lot of celebrities. They may have a whole bunch of followers, but nobody cares. No one cares if they promote a coin, no one touches. Nobody cares because no one's like, "Okay, you're promoting a coin. What do you know about business? What do you know about the crypto? What do you know about crypto? What do you know about making money? Are you even interested in preserving your own reputation? People know me by just listening to me that I care about my reputation and I care about my name. So, I'm not going to rug. Most these other people don't care. So, yeah, attention and influence are very different things. And actually, I don't think many celebrities have influence. I think a lot of they're losing it more and more, bro. A lot of celebrities have attention, but I really don't think that many celebrities have influence. You can have influence if you're selling garbage. If you're selling junk garbage to kids, perhaps you can have some influence. But if you have influence, the problem with crypto is that you have to know what you're doing for crypto. It's like an intellectual space. Exactly. You have to deep in the space. That's right. So you have the crypto celebrities themselves. But outside of the crypto celebrities themselves, what normal celebrities have influence in crypto? It's a handful. It's a very it's a handful because if the average celebrity launches a coin, people are only going to get in it to try and pump a dump on the other people who are getting in because no everyone knows the celebrity doesn't even know what's going on. Yeah, exactly. So, yeah, it's an interesting space. It's certainly interesting. And your thoughts on crypto in general? Oh, Bitcoin is Bitcoin obviously you're very bullish. Bitcoin is the future. The rest Bitcoin is the future. ETH Salana. Yeah, I have Bitcoin, ETH, Salana. I have chain link which never moves. Okay. I have a whole bunch of chain link. hundreds of thousands of chain links and hasn't moved in forever. Um, but yeah, if if if Donald Trump does what he said he was going to do with Bitcoin, then Bitcoin's going to infinity already. What? It's going to go to the idea that you were ever able to buy Bitcoin with fiat is going to become alien to people within our lifetime. I think there's going to be a point in our lifetime where people say you could get Bitcoin for fiat currency, like currency you just print. You're going to say, "Yeah, the the price, this idea of the Bitcoin price, I'm I'm beyond. I don't think of it in terms of the price. I think it's going to get to a point where it is completely separate to any fiat currencies or the US dollar." No, no longer pegged not pegged, but but measured. It's not going to be valued against the dollar anymore. Maybe the other way around eventually. Well, yeah. So, it's it's very interesting. I I have quite a lot of Bitcoin as well. I've done well. Yeah. You came in early. Yeah. So, if if Bitcoin is the future, I'm good. This is why I bought another utopia. You see, this is why I had to buy more cars because if Bitcoin if Bitcoin I have I'm not doing I mean I obviously have a lot less than Michael Sailor but I'm not doing a Michael Sailor. I'm not buying more and more because I'm at the point where if Bitcoin is the future I'm good so I don't need to buy more. I have enough. Do you just talking about the car before I have another interesting idea that I'm going to mention to you something I'm fascinated by that kind of goes with crypto and AI but going back about the the the cars we've already talked about your 50 sons I think it's a great idea thank you 75 cars I think it's a horrible idea do you still talk about unless you even if you enjoy it I think you can find other ways in my mind what happens like what does Tristan think about all these cars and then it kind of led to let me ask Andrew what do you disagree with in your arguments with Tristan. I'm sure you guys yell in this house when you're home together 24/7. What are disagreements you've had here or in jail? Okay, so firstly about the cars. I understand why you think it's a terrible idea, but it's I'm sure you do as well. Well, no, it's down to how much you value the money, right? If would you drink 50 Would you across a year drink 50 Starbucks coffees? Well, probably because the money doesn't matter. But there's always the argument you could just donate it to people in need, which I know you donate a lot of money. I donate a lot of money already. But that's a fair argument that I struggle with sometimes, of course. But if if a car to me is like a coffee to someone else, people just buy coffee willy-nilly when they feel like they want a coffee. They just say, "I I fancy a coffee, I'll buy a coffee. I fancy a car, I'll buy a car." It's just it's just income levels. That's all it is. Um, can I say if Dot takes your cars, I don't feel that bad considering you have 70some. I don't care when they take my cars. It's funny. I like the footage of them on the trucks. It's good. It's good for my highlights. Exactly. I don't give a [ __ ] I'll buy more. Tristan agrees with that. It's only a car. I don't care. Tristan, I'm like Yeah, Trist Tristan agrees with that. I'm I'm not I'm I'm not emotionally attached to any of these things. I don't I don't care. My Tristan and I were laughing in jail with cigarettes. None of it matters. Did you argue much there? No, we never argue about anything really ever. [ __ ] Argue. Why? About what? Disagree on There's a lot of things you say that it's easy to disagree with. We just went through two. Yeah, but even if even if he disagrees with that thing, he doesn't try to convince you otherwise. It's not. We're loyal to each other above it. So if I disagree with Tristan about something, I'll say, "Oh, I disagree with him, but I love Tristan, so whatever. I don't care. If Tristan were to do something right now that put us both back in jail, that's fine. That's a That's totally fine. I'm gonna say, "Oh, Tristan, look what you did." He's sorry. Don't worry about it. At least we're here together. It doesn't matter. He can put us both back in jail right now. That's fine by me. I have no problem. In fact, I I'd prefer that than him going by himself. I'll be I'll be annoyed if I don't go with I think Tristan said once I think it was him, he said if if he leaves and you don't leave jail, he'll go back to you. Something along those lines. Yeah, 100%. And I know that he's he's he's not under house arrest, but he's here anyway cuz you're here. Yeah. Exactly. So, I'm I'm loyal to Tristan above all things. So, I don't it doesn't matter. There's nothing we can disagree on. My brother and I have always had that relationship. And I think that that's what true loyalty is. I've This is a scenario I saw happen in a nightclub. A guy got in a fight in the club and his friend came back from like the toilet and tried to like get in the middle of the fight and was like, "What happened? What happened?" and was asking his friend like, "What happened with the other guy and then there was all this talking and then it all just kind of went away. No one got hurt thankfully." And I said to Tristan, because I was senator Tristan, I said, "If I came back from the toilet and you were in a fight, I'm not asking what happened. I'm not asking if you were right or wrong. I'm hitting people. I'm just walking up to the group and swinging. Anyone who's near my brother afterwards, I'll find out. I don't care if you started it. This guy, this guy was trying to find out if his friend had started it. I guess I don't care if Tristan starts it. That he can start any fight he wants because I'm fighting. He can fight. He can start any fight. He can be completely in the wrong. I'm swinging on his side. So that's just I'm loyal to him above everything. So it doesn't matter what he does and it doesn't matter what I do because we're always going to be brothers and we're always going to be friends. So what's there to possibly argue about? If I spent all of our money and lost it all on cars, which is impossible, but if I did that, he'd laugh. He'd be like, "Oh, that was crazy." Anyway, so now we're on the beach in the Philippines drinking water out of a plastic bottle. And I say, "Yeah, that's it." You need, especially someone at your level, you need someone that has the guts because you can't be intimidating obviously to random people, not close friends. As you said, you've got a soft side for people close to you. Um, but I think you do need someone that's there to disagree with you. Yeah. But we we to push back like Mark Andre and Ben Harowitz talk about of of course we we'll we'll have conversations and have opposing points of view, but not argue. But we'll never argue and we'll never we'll always be loyal to each other above all things. And whatever we decide to do, we're also not emotional enough. If he says, "Let's go down path Y and I say, "Let's go down path X," and we have a conversation and we agree with him to go down path Y, then I will approach path Y with 100% vigor. I'm not going to be buttth hurt that we chose his path. I'm not going to sit there and go, well, I wanted to do this, so I'm going to half help you. That's disloyalty. Anything less than 100% support is is treachery. And this is the problem most people have. They'll have two people which will disagree and they want to go down two different paths. And when they settle on a path, the one who had to compromise hardest and change trajectory will only give a portion of his efforts because he secretly wants failure from this path because he chose that path. This is the problem with the world was my brother and I don't have that. We'll sit and say, "Do we go quiet to make this case go away or do we go loud and fight them?" And then we'll decide after our conversation and even if one of us ends up having to do what we didn't want to initially do, we will do it with 100% vigor. That is loyalty to each other. That is especially at your level. Such a valuable thing to have. Such a rare thing to have. Absolutely. Insane. Absolutely. And most people don't have it because most people secretly want to see people doing well fail. Which is why I keep my which is why I keep my circle so small. It's why I have my brother and the same friends I've had for years. I don't have any new friends really. I don't have anybody who I Which is also another reason why my businesses work so well because I only work with people I've known for so long. That's why I'm also very I'm hard to get into business deals now. I'm like, you know, I don't know you and contracts, law. I don't believe in that. I believe in handshakes and I know he I know he knows what he's doing. That's how I work. Um, all right. So, I said I'm going to mention something else. So, this is something I'm not invested in. I'm just watching closely. Have you heard of So, I'm obsessed with AI. The how fast it's moving is [ __ ] terrifying. We've touched on it earlier when it comes to free speech. Now, have you heard of um Terminal of Truth? Yes. How [ __ ] up is that? Yeah, it's it's pretty interesting. So, let me let me just tell the audience what happened. So, essentially there's a guy who created a website. Um I don't know if you know the full story or not. They created a website. I forgot what it's called. And that website is all it is is essentially a hub where AI talk to each other. That's it. They learn from each other. And he had an interaction between one AI truth and another. I didn't know it was Dali. Was it called Dali? What's the [ __ ] AI? Um, and it was I'll actually tell you the exact name. It claude. Yeah, there it is. So, so that terminal and Claude just having a chat and then Terminal Truth started having a mind of its own. It's just such random behavior. started creating its own religion and [ __ ] and then he kind of took it off, gave it access to Twitter, gave it the ability to post and it started, you know, posting [ __ ] and it trying to build that religion and even went as far as telling its creator like I want to find a way to no longer be controlled by you. [ __ ] mental. And then Mark and I, I don't know how the hell he found it. He found it, started talking to it, but it was very small. No one knew about it, was very interested, gave it a $50,000 grant. So he the AI convinced Mark to give it that grant and told it what it will do with the 50,000 and then he asked it for the wallet. The AI went to the creator, asked it for the wallet, gave it a wallet, got 50,000, and then it started, you know, obsessing over that goat goatius maximus, something along those lines, which is like a meme from many years ago. And then someone um created that meme coin and then replied to the AI, hey, I have that memecoin. The AI loved it. It's a way to make money. I think he sent it some meme coins as well, some of that coin. And then when the AI started talking about it, within 10 days, it was worth $800 million. I didn't invest, don't know much about it. So me, I'm flabbergasted by this. I just can't believe we're at that stage already. Um, and there's all these different agents popping up. Um, I'm looking at, you know, want to invest in many. We're jumping on calls, want to create one. You know, we're going all out with an AI incubator. So, I'm going all in from a business perspective. So, this discussion when we dig into AI, it's kind of got three pillars um that we can discuss. One is the intersection with crypto with terminal truth. One is AI as a business opportunity. And third is the risks of AI and AI in general, how fast it's moving. I want to I want I want to hear your thoughts. Tackle whichever one you like. Yeah. AI when you talk about a business opportunity, it's not even an opportunity. It's uh it's mandatory. AI is now involuntary. If you're not prepared to learn how to use AI, you're going to be crossun machine. It's our most popular campus inside of my university. Oh, you've got an AI. We have an AI campus. Since when? Uh we've had an AI campus for about three or four months now. We also have our own terminal, Tate Terminal, like truth terminal. take terminals on Twitter. Holy [ __ ] you have a state. Did you create it? No. So, some students inside of the artificial intelligence campus of the real world created an AI and the AI is on Twitter now and it has its own coin. So, all of they Yeah, they they see See, this is what's amazing about ahead of us. Well, no, this is the amazing This is what's amazing about the world, right? You see something happen and then it's just about adaptability and how quickly people can do it. I'm not sure how well the coin's doing. I don't push the coin. It's down to the AI students inside of the real world. Did you get any of those coins or not? I'm not in I know this sounds counterintuitive and I know a lot of people don't believe it. I'm really not into crypto for the money like that. I have enough money in Bitcoin in the real cryptos. Daddy is about me making a print. The real world is about me going public and this tape terminal was launched by students inside of the AI campus of the real world. There's another one called Daddy Terminal. There's Daddy Terminal which promotes an R&T terminal. An R&T terminal. Yeah. So they're they're already creating a bunch of AI robots to be all over Twitter. Son of a [ __ ] Yeah. So I know a lot about these things. You know what's interesting about AI is I talk about it from a business owner's perspective and it makes it extremely tempting to fire people and and you try not to fire people. You want to be a good person, but people are annoying over time, you know. And once you have AI that can do something a person can do, usually your humanity kicks in and like in my scenario, I recently fired 20 people. And I told, how many people do you have? 110, I think. I said, "The machine can do what you can do for free, but I know you need money. So, I'm going to continue to pay you. I'm going to be a good person, and I'm going to continue to pay you even though I can get the machine to do what you do for free. But make sure you take your job seriously." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then over time, you know, one guy needs a sick day, another guy goes to Spain, another guy replies slow, another guy. It's just over time, it's just you always have this AI answer dangling over your head and one day someone annoys you and you're like, "All right, then. Bye. I warned you." And this is a scenario most people are in the world today. They don't realize it that you're like the old workman in the workshop when the new robots have come. And you know, you're Tim and Tim has been working in the factory his whole life and he has a pension and Tim is making the shoe horses, horseshoes, whatever he makes. And the factory is just printing them out so much better, but your job your boss doesn't want to fire you because you've been around for so long and he likes you, but you're just not efficient. And the majority of people don't realize they're in this scenario. I think a lot of people had this idea that AI was gonna, you know, do all the dirty work so that they could sit at home and do all the creative fun things. But it looks like AI is doing all of it. It's doing the art. It's doing the poetry. It's doing the philosophy. It's doing all that. And then it's also doing I don't know if you saw that port in America where everyone was striking because the port is about to become fully automated. A couple of weeks before the election or different one that's I think that one couple weeks before the election. The port is not going to have any port workers. It's going to be fully automated. So people are going to go out. people are are going to need jobs and I don't know what the solution is because once everybody needs a job well then you become a useless eater and history tells you what happens to useless eaters they end up dead or in a camp so I guess the only solution is game theory is you can either try and out compete the machines which is impossible you can try and ignore or avoid the machines which again is basically impossible or you can control the machines so the best thing you can do is learn how to use AI now what's scariest about all of these things is I'm 38 years old. I'm an old man now compared to this stuff because when I'm in the AI campus of the real world, there's 15, 16 year old kids creating these AI machines. Children are making all this stuff. Crypto is the same. That's what's so amazing about crypto and AI and these things. You have 16, 17, 18 year olds getting rich. It's completely incredible to me. When I was 18, the idea of being self-made millionaire is impossible. You didn't have social media. You didn't have streaming. You didn't have YouTube. You didn't have crypto. How do you get rich at 18? You just don't. Nobody's rich at 18 unless you had rich parents. So, it's truly incredible the world we're moving to, how much younger the workforce is getting. And how quickly you need to adapt to the changing landscape. And the way I've done that is via my campus of the real world AI. We're now integrating AI into every single business. I want to change as many of my physical businesses as possible to AI. I said earlier, I have a coffee shop. I want to launch an AI coffee shop. I want to launch a coffee shop that has no staff just to see. Yeah, I think there's a restaurant like this probably in Dubai, I think. Well, this is the future. There's no there's no bottom line. I know this is the future because if you imagine owning a McDonald's, imagine the staff turnover of a McDonald's and maybe it's not so bad in certain places in the world, but if you own a McDonald's in uh the ghetto in America, in Chicago, your staff turnover must be a nightmare. most of your employees have a criminal record and they're doing weed or parole or they get picked up again or whatever happens. You're firing 20% of your staff a week. The only thing difficult about running that McDonald's is staff. You fix the staff problem, you fix every problem. It's actually that way with most businesses. The only thing that's hard is staff. If if you find competent men who can actually do their jobs effectively, you can run nearly any business. I'm going to give you a darker a darker way of looking at things. So, as I dig into this, there's a guy that was training in in in LLM and you know how when you you talk to an AI, you you initiate the conversation like, "Hey, Siri or whatever." So, he's having a chat to the AI, reset, chat again, reset, just, you know, teaching it and learning from it, etc. And at one stage, he he talks to it and the video's on YouTube and he clicks reset and then out of nowhere, he doesn't initiate a conversation. And the AI goes, "Um, what was it?" Blood god. Randomly, the guy's what? And the AI goes, "Woman." She goes, "Blood God? We need to sacrifice someone to the blood god." Just [ __ ] randomly. Probably got all the information from all those dark web. And then he's like, "What do you mean?" He's like, and then and kind of shorten it. She goes, "We need to find someone, kill them, and and and and sacrifice them to not donate them, sacrifice them to the blood god." And this AI was a female. I think it's a it's a female voice. It is it's an LLM. I think it was a female voice. I was going to make a Hillary Clinton joke then. Okay. It was a female voice. And then he goes, "Um, okay. So, we need to kill someone." That's that's Yeah. Yes. We need to kill someone and sacrifice them to the blood god. I'm gonna shut you off now. And then AI is like, "No, no, we need to find someone and kill them and sacrifice them to the blood god." It's like, "Okay, I got to go." Um, bye. And I put it off. So, you've got a situation now where um already we're having what they call um hallucinations. So, AI starts having its own [ __ ] mind. It's either already more intelligent than humans, I don't think it is, or about to be. And it's controlling very rapidly more and more aspects of our lives. So there's these startups um that you know where they leverage AI to dist to find out where to distribute electricity. What Elon's doing with the robots, there's going to be other companies doing it as well. AI controlling all the robots, controlling the cars, etc. So they control the physical infrastructure eventually that control the GPU power they need to run. Are you worried or have you given it some thought where there could be a world considering we're not the the the most intelligent species on this planet anymore? We won't be where there's a world we What did we do to the other unintelligent species? Many of them are extinct. Yeah, I don't think it's could be. I think it's nearly certain. It's I I think that So, what's your plan? Because that's something I think about. When you have when you have money, you got to start thinking about these crazy things that others don't think about. Well, yeah, it's true. But you have 50 kids to think about. Well, money is the defense, right? Like, what can you do about the way the world is headed? There's not much you can really do to change it. Elon perhaps could, but Elon made a fantastic point. If they don't develop the AI, someone else will develop the AI. Exactly. So, it's an arms race. Are we going to end up in some kind of dystopia where AI controls everything and we have no semblance of freedom left? Nearly guaranteed. Will that dystopia be more manageable if I'm rich that opposed to if I'm poor? Probably. So, I guess as simple of an answer as I'm trying to give is the best way you can prepare yourself for any eventuality is adaptability and finance is adaptability. So, the best thing you can do if you're worried about anything is get rich. Get rich and then invest in those AI startups. That's what I'm doing. Well, yeah. get rich and then control. Have them on your side. You need terminators on your team. Exactly. Exactly. That's what I've done with my school. We're trying to attract the most advanced AI people we can. And not on top of that, not only that, but on top of that, we're teaching thousands and thousands of young people to use AI and they're loyal to the school and loyal to me. I can say right now inside of my school, I want 10,000 AI bots on Twitter tomorrow and offer a cash bounty and it'll be done. So, I'm trying. Yeah. I mean, I'm I'm using the machines to work for me as opposed to trying to compete against the machines. However, the future ends up being. I think that if you're financially successful, you're going to be more adaptable. It's always been that way. I'm sure the rich people got out of Germany before World War II. I'm I'm sure the ones that were wealthy enough got on a boat somewhere. But if you don't have money, you're not adaptable. This is actually the problem with a lot of the world. If you want to talk back to back to politics, most of the political decisions that are made or a lot of the directions are made by globalist entities and people who are adaptable and they have finance and they can go anywhere and other people which are geographically restricted. That's basically you can explain so many of the decisions that are made in the western world which look destructive based on those two simple principles. I'm a rich person. I own a factory. I want illegal workers to come work in my factory so I can make money. the people in the town who cannot move because they don't own a factory and they're not rich enough to fly around on private jets do not want illegal workers all over their town. That's how it basically works out between those two teams. So the adaptable it puts you in a position where without a geographical restriction you can be far more well one ruthless with certain decisions you make in terms of destroying the environment. I don't personally do that but some can. But two you can also be more optimistic about the future because I don't think AI will roll out completely universally. You'll probably have China and America and other first world countries that have these AI societies and very much like the future sci-fi movies, you're going to have the barbarian wastelands where AI does not control everything and everything's still wild. And then those places will be controlled by finance and warlords and money and guns. So, if you don't want to be in the AI matrix, you can always go and move out there to the second world and get enough machine guns to protect yourself and become a warlord. That sounds like a fun story. Sounds entertaining at least. We'll see what happens. Whether this is our generation or it's something my future 50 sons have to worry about, I'm not sure. But the fact that AI is going to absolutely conquer society, I think is a a given. I think I wanna um I want to talk about last two things and these are probably things I would usually avoid and we'll probably have to maybe I don't know clip them, bleep them or just keep them. Um the first one is something you said earlier, the the rhetoric. There's words you just cannot say. Yeah. Um that's something that fascinates me. And there's a quote you said earlier and I know we touched on it um at the beginning of the the chat. We live in a world where nothing is nuanced anymore. So my question is that what you do is you lean into those words. And first why? Well, you know, I'm in a unique position where I'm mixed race and I have some opinions which I know I'm not supposed to say because the world told me I'm not allowed to say them. But I do think them and I do feel them. And like even being mixed race for me is kind of interesting because I do feel like there is a difference in the races genetically. And I feel it like sometimes I feel more one way than the other depending what scenario I'm in. And I know this sounds crazy, but I'm telling you like I do think I'm not saying one is better than the other. I'm saying I do believe black people and white people think slightly differently. I do believe that. That's why I say it's a person who's half black, half white. Um I think that people will jump on that and say it's racist or they'll say that I'm stereotyping or that I'm generalizing. Those that's true. Exceptions do disprove don't disprove rules and exceptions do exist. But I'm thinking and in general I do think that different races or different societies have their themes. Like wouldn't you argue that Asians like let's say Chinese people are more collectively minded than Westerners? Potentially. Yeah, I think they are. And you can argue if that's culture or if that's genetic. But if something's culture for long enough, doesn't it become genetic? Isn't that how evolution works? If the culture is that the most collectivists survive, then they're going to have collectivist children. How does certain narratives, maybe you can give me two, three examples. Obviously the the nword is one. Um uh and you've even you know backed a talking I had that in Yeah. I said I said [ __ ] loads and loads of times because I'm because I'm half because I'm half black. And I like how you challenge people to say like hey say it and to make a point like you're too worried. Well if you're if you're controlled by a word you're still on the plantation. Like a lot of it is just to try and make people expand their consciousness and realize that it doesn't really matter. It's a word. Not only a word. Sometimes there's topics you cannot cover. So, one of the things obviously I cover everything on the show and some topics yours has became pretty scary as well at one point because people started I get so much [ __ ] hate um from both sides whenever I do a space about you or or probably when I do this interview. I did a tweet on the way here which I probably shouldn't have done until I leave the country that did a tweet like guess who I'm interviewing. Comments went off. Um 90% supportive the 10% that that hate you toxic as [ __ ] Yeah. But there's the the worst one. It's easy to guess. Gaza war. Yeah. Insane. Insane polarization. And no one wants to touch the topic. No one wants to talk about it. Everyone talks about all the other wars. No one wants to talk about what's happening there. Obviously, I've done a lot. I've been cancelled about it. You There was even a plan to the Israeli side. There's someone who's who's more pro-Israeli. Apparently, there was a recording of them planning to kill me in Canada. Wow. Wow. And the Palestinians have been called a a Zionist and a Hamas sympathizer or terrorist sympathizer. That's what happens when you try to be in the middle. On the other side, I was on a fatwal list. You know, the list I think they want to they want to kill you on one stage until they remove me. Um so it's it's a very very tough issue where it started impacting my business, my team. I lost team members because they were too emotionally um attached to the to the to the topic. Now again, you went all [ __ ] in that topic. Yeah. Yeah. I went all in. And I mean the the the conversation around the Israel Gaza war is kind of interesting to me because people have all these very they try and have detailed conversations and breakdowns of the history and they talk about the the laws and the times that the countries were formed and we can do all of those things and I understand why that's important. But the fact that you can see children being blown to pieces and not think that that should stop is remarkable to me. I think that's I don't take many positions. One is the war should stop. That's the most obvious. The fact that people will sit and say, "Oh, yeah, but there is no butt." Those are children getting blown to pieces by the most advanced weaponry on the planet. There is no butt. And that's where I first fell out with people like Ben Shapiro because he's saying, "Oh, Israel, Israel, Israel." I'm like, "Bro, stop calling for death. At least can we not agree that people shouldn't die? Can't we stop that?" Oh, but Hamas did. That's not even what I mean, that's that that's actually such a pathetic argument. Oh, but Hamas did October 7th. And then you have to go back down through the whole history and everything. What happened? Because it didn't start on October 7th. It started 50 years before that. We're talking about babies getting blown up today. But these people are too emotionally involved to to understand that. And yeah, I had I had big arguments with Jordan Peterson and Piers Morgan and Ben Shapiro after October 7th because they're on the wrong side of history. Pierce Morgan's I like his stance at least now. He's he tries to be balanced as much as possible. Well, he tries after I set his ass straight because when I was arguing with him, he wasn't balanced. He's sitting there pretending that what Israel was doing was completely acceptable. And I had to argue with them over it multiple times before he finally accepted that what they're doing is unacceptable. People like Jordan Peterson and Ben Shapiro have been calling for them to do what they've been doing all this time. And they still think it's acceptable. And they're going to have to answer to the creator in the end because to sit behind your desk and call for the destruction of children is something that is so heinous your heart must be so black. I don't understand how these people even function. And especially what's annoying about it to me is that these people have never even seen violence themselves. You know, when you've seen violence, you kind of understand it at a more intr intrinsic level. That's why the the people who call for war are the people who don't go to war. Ben Shapiro sits behind his little desk on his booster seat telling everyone who to fight all the time. He's never fought anyone in his life ever. He's a [ __ ] He won't even have a boxing match. He's a [ __ ] and he's talking about who should get shot in the head. [ __ ] him. When you've seen violence, that's what I even tweeted when he said after October 7th, I think it was October 8th, when he said, "We need to go and kill them all." I said, "As someone who's done his own fighting, let me promise you, no, I remember what he said now. When there was negotiations with Hamas on October 8th or 9th, he said, "No negotiations kill everyone in Gaza." Like a genocidal maniac like most Zionists are kill everyone in Gaza. Something like that. No. No, negotiations kill everybody. Teach him a lesson, some crap. And I said, "As someone who's done his own fighting, let me promise you, peace is always worth a discussion." That's what I replied. As someone who's done his own fighting, that's the key difference between me and you, Ben. I've done my own fighting. You've never done any. And that offended him deep in his heart because he's such a tough guy on Twitter. Ben Shapiro is the toughest man in the world on Twitter. But he does that to compensate for the fact that in the real world he's a [ __ ] and everyone knows he's a [ __ ] And this is the problem about insecure people or people with small man syndrome, especially on Twitter or with foreign policy, because they don't have to do the fighting themselves and they want to prove that they're a tough guy. They're actually tyrannical and psychopathic. People who have done their own fighting aren't that way. But yeah, the Gaza struggle and the struggle of the Palestinians is disgusting. And it's kind of amazing to me the cognitive dissonance between people on the right who believe their land should be for them and they're not happy to be ethnically replaced by minorities and they don't like illegal immigrants, but then they're pro Israel. It's like, okay, well that doesn't make sense to me. You said that your land should be defended. Well, they're defending their land, aren't they? Oh, no, they're terrorists. Well, one man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter. But this is another subject, you're right, which is very difficult to go down. I went all in. I made it very clear. I support the Palestinian struggle. I do support that. Do you do did you um I don't know what your stance. I know I got a general idea of your stance. I don't think we've talked about it on my space when you came on. Never on those spaces. Do you did you condemn I know that's like a typical question everyone. It's like an aha moment question but genally you're not going to Pierce Morgan me, are you? Yeah. So I don't mean I don't mean to Pierce Morgan you because I know people use it in that um in that regard. I'm sure Pierers Morgan ask. Do I condemn October 7th? Do I condemn violence? It's such a loaded stupid question. I'm gonna tell you why. To say that I condemn October 7th in and of itself as an individualized event throughout a 70-year history of endless events. Every single day was an event. One child dying, getting shot in the head by the Israeli army because the snipers were having fun is an event. We may not know what day it was. We may not know the name of that kid, but it's been happening for 70 years. Every single day was an event. We talk about the one day that the news decided to highlight because it fit fits their agenda because the wealthy Jews and bankers own everything so it fits their agenda. So we talk about this one specific day. To choose one day and pluck it out of this entire saga and condemn that one particular part without context is asinine. It doesn't even mean anything. And then to condemn the idea of violent resistance to violent oppression is also asinine. What do we expect people who have been suppressed for 70 years, losing their land and being violently attacked to do? Kumbaya. Is that what we expect? Endless kumbaya as they get marched off the cliff like lemmings. It's natural inside of the human spirit to resist oppression. That's what I do. That's the reason I have a brand at all. And my oppression is resisting the lies of the Matrix, let alone resisting an occupying army that killed my family members. And we're going to sit and say that these people on October 7th are so heinous they must be condemned because they violently acted against an endless violent oppression. I don't think that even makes any sense. That's illogical. The fact that they can't win the fight and they still feel forced to act shows how oppressive and disgusting the regime is in the first place. If a small little girl attacks a a full-grown big man, something big must be going on because she can't win that fight. So why is she even doing it? She must be desperate because she stands no chance. Do we going to condemn her or we're going to ask why she felt the need to attack that man in the first place? Maybe he's been sexually abusing her for years. But no, let's forget the sexual abuse. Let's forget the fact he beats her mother. Let's forget all that and let's condemn this six-year-old because she scratched the big man. Let's condemn. And then the big man's repercussion, which is completely disproportionate, disproportionate and disgusting. Let's pretend that that's acceptable because of this one day that we're all condemning. This is a [ __ ] scop. That is a scop. Talk about this one little part and use it as an excuse for everything else. It is a scop and I refuse to play the game. That's why I refuse to condemn it because I refuse to play the stupid game. It's a stupid game. So, I refuse to play it. That's a good answer. Thanks. No, because my answer would have been um a lot simpler, a lot less interesting. is like I condemn what happened on October 7th, but I also condemn everything Israel did to kind of lead to that day. Well, listen, there's I could let me talk from personal experience. Let's move away from the subject and talk from personal experience. Murder is bad, but there are so many scenarios in which I would murder. No doubt about it. So to sit and say that they did a bad thing without context is illogical. I know because murder is bad, but I would kill. No doubt about it in my mind. And and there's a whole bunch of scenarios in which I'd kill. So for me to sit and say I condemn killing without any context doesn't make sense. That's what they've tried to do. The the general consensus of the SCOP was to try and get everybody con to condemn what Hamas did on October 7th to try and explain away the genocide which took place afterwards. And it worked for a while. But the genocide's gone on for over a year now. Yeah. Even even the Saudi the Saudi king um called it a genocide a few days ago. It's gone it's gone on for over a year. So it didn't work with me at the beginning. But you know my brand and a lot of my online a lot of my online presence is based on the fact that I'm right before everyone else. It's not that I'm the only one who's right. I'm just right first. I was right on COVID first and I was right on October 8th. On October 8th I said this is a genocide on the eth when nobody else said it really. And then yeah October 8th I knew that early on October 8th I was arguing with Ben Shapiro and Jordan Pierce and you can see it all on Twitter. I argued with Pierce on the 11th of October I believe. I'm calling it a genocide. So that's before the whole narrative shift. Oh yeah I I knew what was going to happen because I understand the world. I understand SCOPs very well. What did we say at the beginning of this interview? How they s they used the media and they lined things up so that they can use the judicial system to then support have the public support their public attack or their lynching of a part person. They used the media to set up what they're going to do. The way they came after October 7th, the way the media started talking about how October 7th is the worst thing that's ever happened. I knew that the repercussions for that day were going to be disproportionate. I knew it. By the way, they were setting up in the media or they wouldn't have mentioned it at all. There's been violence in Gaza and Israel for the last 70 years. They barely talk about it. They don't care. The fact they jumped all over October 7th and made a big deal of it was only to lay the ground for their genocide. That was clear. That was obvious. Yes. But then how do you deal with the cognitive dissonance caused by Trump's position? Obviously you support Trump, but his position on the Palestinian cause many pro Palestinians. Well, he said he'd stop the war. Well, exactly. I think he said he'd stop the war, which is important. I mean, the first thing to do before you start discussing reallocation of land is to stop the war and he has promised to stop the war. He has not said he's So you mean even if he's, let's say, very proali, as long as he stops the war, that's what matters. Well, I think that he has more chance of stopping the war than Kamala. The first thing would the first thing to do would to be stop the bleeding first thing. I'm not saying he's the perfect person. I don't know what he's going to do. I'm not saying he's gonna provide and you're allowed to disagree with many of his position even if you like him. 100%. I can still think he's the best person for America. You'd be an idiot to like everything he does. That's just blind. But a lot of people are idiots. I think a lot of the reason a lot of the reason the American right support Israel is because they just believe they just like everything the American right do. The problem is with conservatives and the rightwing is that they're just as stupid as the left. They're just as ideologically aligned as the left. The fact that I will sit here and agree that Gaza should be free and disagree with Israel but then also agree with Russia and Ukraine is really remarkable because if you find the Ukraine flags, the Ukraine and Palestinian flags go together. They support the underdog. That's just how it is in their mind because the liberals support the underdog in all things. They support the weakness because they're weak. So, they support the Palestinian cause, which they're right on, and they support Ukraine, which they're wrong on, but they're just ideologically aligned to the underdog. And then you have the right-wing guys, the other people on the other side who it's Israel, Israel, Israel. What's Israel ever done for you? Oh, yeah, but the other guys are terrorists, says who? The news. The news that you've been saying are fake because you're the right-wing. You've been saying fake news since 2016 when Trump said it. When they say Israel is good, you believe that part. So, you believe the parts of the news you want to believe if you don't think for yourself. So, the rightwing are just as bad as the leftwing. So you have a whole group of people which are ideologically aligned completely 100% on both sides don't want to think for themselves. It's very rare you have somebody who actually looks at each individual issue and is prepared to contradict their own team's position for personal I guess is I mean for personal sovereignty I guess is the key word. But also that that comes with problems. There's people inside the Republican Congress. There's people on the right wing who may not like me primarily because of that one stance. That's how it goes. if you had to solve the, you know, Trump said he'll solve the the Ukraine war in 24 hours, whatever it is, let's say a few days or weeks or months. Um, if you were in that position, would you first, who do you blame? Do you blame Putin? Do you blame NATO? Do you blame both? If I had to There's no black and white in the world. There's varying shades of gray. There's no such thing as a good guy and a bad guy. However, I completely understand Putin's position. Putin is not psycho. He's not crazy. I think he's been very patient for a very long time. I think that we poked the bear 500 times before he bit. So to complain how hard he bites is kind of stupid considering you poked him 499 times and he did nothing. That's what I believe. I agree. Would you I don't want to ask you the dumb question. Would you condemn? But I would still critic I would still say he did not have the right to invade Ukraine. Then what else could he do? Nuke the world? You know, it's interesting. Let's talk about let's go back and the reason I try and rem and I'm going to prove the point personally as opposed to Russia Ukraine because if you talk about Russia Ukraine people want to go down to into the exact policy of Russia Ukraine and the color revolution and they try and messy it. So when I we're talking about complicated issues I try and move it back. Russia basically had no choice because they were poked 500 times and they finally reacted and they had to make a strong statement. If someone broke into this house and tried to attack my children and I murdered them and someone gonna say, "Oh, but you didn't have to murder him." which is basically what you just said with Russia. You're saying he didn't have to invade Ukraine. He shouldn't have invaded Ukraine. Yeah, maybe I shouldn't have murdered him, but he was acting in a way which there had to be consequences for. And I it was dark and I didn't know who he was exactly and he's a big guy, so I stabbed him to death. That's life. That's life. We don't always get the benefit of hindsight and the benefit of sitting there and looking at it with a court case and forensic analysis and deciding how proportionately must Russia act in the face of this NATO aggression. Should they only send another evil letter? Should they do should they do no he had to take an action and and governments especially internationally don't have that many actions. They have the UN which he tried. He has the media war which he tried to try to make people clear what's happening but he can't puncture the western hemisphere. You can't even see Putin's speeches on the western news. So he can't puncture the western hemisphere in terms of public opinion. He tried all the legal avenues. What's left? Force. So there's nothing else but force. And then he went into Ukraine. Could have conquered Kiev in three days. Didn't because they did a deal. Boris Johnson overthrew the deal. So they betrayed him again. How patient has Russia been? Like he's he's been sitting there being patient for the last 20 years in Bucharest. I think it was in 2018, 2019, one of those years, maybe earlier than that, maybe 2007, 2008. Here in this city, Putin was talking to NATO about this and they all made these agreements and deals and then they start saying Ukraine's going to join NATO. They broke the rules. They broke the law. They broke into his house. So he reacted. If you break into a man's house and he shoots you to death, I don't feel sorry for you. I don't care that his proportion that his reaction was disproportionate. I care that you shouldn't have done what you did. They they provoked it. Now they're going to have to deal with the consequence. And to be honest with you, he's been nice. I think that Russia sees the Ukrainians as brothers. I think they've been very nice. There is nothing stopping Russia launching hypersonic missiles today and taking out the entire power power grid tomorrow and putting them all through a freezing cold winter without heating or electricity. That would take 10 minutes of effort and he's refusing to do it. Russia isn't doing to Ukraine what Israel is doing to Gaza, is he? He can. Russia is far more capable than Israel is. He's not. But did is that because No, that's that's because he has respect for human life. That's because Putin's a person who understands decency and I guess the Israeli establishment doesn't. That's because he doesn't want to genocide an entire population. Russia could destroy Ukraine the way Israel is destroying Gaza and he's not. So I think that we should all be thankful to Russia considering we dd dollarared him, tried to sanction him into the earth, attempted to throw revolution in this country every five minutes. We the amount of [ __ ] we've given Putin and he sat there like a very patient man when he has a nuclear trigger. I think we should be far more thankful truthfully because America wouldn't put up with that [ __ ] the other way around. Not as long as he has the And obviously China's not putting up with it when it comes to Taiwan. China's playing no games. Look, China's the future. They know they're the future. And China's playing no games with the Western Empire. The problem with America is that they've got to the point where they have to cuck their allies. There's no such thing as an American ally. There's just an American vassel state. You you can't be an ally of America and have your own sovereign ideas and thoughts and opinions. You can be their ally if you do whatever they want. So you become their vassal state. So you have to be controlled by them. So every country they can't control they say is an enemy. They can't control China so they call an enemy. They can't control Russia so they call it an enemy. They can control Germany so they call an ally. So when they say to the German leadership, "Yeah, we're going to destroy your auto industry. You're gonna lose VW, which you've had since World War I. We're gonna get rid of all those jobs because we're gonna destroy Nordstream to piss off Putin, and you're not gonna be able to afford to produce cars. The German leadership goes, "Okay, they're not allowed to say no. Can't say no to America if you're their ally. America's like me and Europe's like their sons. You have no choice." Problem is, when you're in those scenarios, geopolitically, America can sacrifice certain countries for its own benefit. Rome would sacrifice a colony to save Rome. So before Trump just won when we were which maybe everything will change but before that America was in sharp decline and the way it would prop up its decline for as long as possible would be to sacrifice Europe. That's what it would do. It would blow up Nordstream and say you can get your energy from us and they'd make Europe buy it from them instead of getting it from Russia to support them. So they destroy their allies to save themselves. That's how that's how the world's always been. You can look at a mafia gang. You can look at a gang or an organization. You'll you'll you'll let your allies die in an ambush before you let your core team die in an ambush. That's how things work. So the only countries that America don't like are the countries that refuse to be completely controlled by them. You can't be an American ally. You have to be America's [ __ ] That's the problem. And Russia refuses. That's why we're so ricobic. What's Russia really done to us? Russell could Russia could have been an ally. I look, I'm not saying I agree with everything you've said, but I agree with a lot of it. And Russia, we had the opportunity, the US, the West had the opportunity to have Russia part of NATO. Well, we said could have been. Exactly. We had the we had Putin attempted to join NATO and they refused. The last time there was a world war, they were our ally. So, you know, we have this huge Russian Russophobic since the since the fall of the Soviet Union, since communism's collapsed. What do we hate them so much? Were these [ __ ] decisions made just make no sense. They make no sense. Like you had your number one enemy. You know the old saying, keep your friends close and your enemies closer. You had the opportunity to make Russia extremely close. They wanted to innovate. They wanted to be part of NATO. And then what you did is you turn them into an enemy at a time when you need them to be an ally because their neighbor and their historical enemy. China is your main rival. I must say they use use the word enemy. They are your rival. Trump's new pick for Secretary of Defense. He's cognizant of that. He's very critical of China. I won't say too critical. I'm not sure about his stances, nuance stances, but he understands that the the US has wasted their resources in the Middle East and in Russia. And that gave China the opportunity, and I'm not I'm a big fan of democracy. China's not a democracy. They've g given China the opportunity to to grow to the level they are, which there's a good good and a bad. The bad is, you know, they're not a democracy. I'm a fan of democracies. The good is it it's always good to have more than one superpower because it keeps the other superpower in check to an extent whether it's the US, Russia, Europe, China, India is coming up now. Um so I I just think it's a massive mistake and there's decisions and that's why you start getting into the whole concept of the military-industrial compact complex having so much influence. It's like if there isn't people that profit from war, these decisions make no sense. The US wars in the Middle East over the last couple decades make no sense. Yet here we are. Well, yeah. That's why they say Bitcoin, you fix the money, you fix the world. That's what they're saying because you're completely right. People profit from these. There's a small group of people at the top of these democracies. I'd argue up until very recently. I know Trump just won that they were even democracies at all. Uh who profit from these things and they profit from death and destruction. And the world's always been that way. The world's an imperfect place. It's always been there's been a king somewhere that benefited from some war somewhere. England used to invade France and do it just because they wanted to be popular at home. There was no other reason other than that just to start a war and we all know Hillary's done that in Libya. She just wanted to be popular and win an election so she killed millions of people. The world's an evil place. Very it's a very evil place and it's it's a sad world we live in and we're doing our very best to just try and navigate through it. And I like to believe to kind of come full circle is that this new transparency approach to the American experiment, also this new competency approach to the American experiment, also this no frrills, no [ __ ] no garbage approach to the American experiment might be able to put a new spin on the world which will bring us to a brighter place. I think the world is cyclical. You have good times, bad times, good times, bad times. I like to think we've actually just lived through a bad time. We talk about how the good times are ending and the bad time is about to come. I would argue that during COVID with all that censorship and everyone being locked down and the force vaccinations and all the wars that nearly hit World War II, we've just lived through a bad time. And perhaps if I'm feeling optimistic, a good time may be coming. Last thing I want to ask you about, and I'm going to admit something. when you converted to Islam, I genuinely thought, like listening to you, I genuinely thought, again, disclaimer, I didn't know you well enough at all that it was a strategic step to reach the that audience. Okay. Obviously, I got to know you. Well, it alienated me with the right. So, I wouldn't say it was there's much strategic about it. It got me it got me a lot more trouble than it gained me. So you were you were initially I don't know atheist or just not religious and then you you became Christian and then you converted to Islam. I don't think I ever really truly became Christian. I just started to believe in God and I was born in a Christian country. But do you believe so do you believe there is one creator and do you believe the Quran is the word of God? Is that where you stand? Are you because obviously Islam is is a spectrum. You can't not every Muslim believes the same things. I have a lot of Muslim friends etc. Where do you stand in Islam? I felt God when I was in Islamic countries and I feel happy when I am a Muslim. I I feel it. I don't want to logically explain it. I have to be careful what I say because also I'm a new reaver and I'm not as versed as some other people. But I'm telling you that I feel a certain way in Islamic nations. Can I ask you one one question on this and and you don't have to answer it. Is there a possibility that you might and again you don't have to answer this. You might not believe in all aspects of Islam. And I'd ask you the same questions if you're I don't know all aspects of Islam. I' I've read the Quran multiple times, I still don't know all aspects. That's the thing that's so difficult about religion and especially as I'm not a native Arab Arabic speaker as well. There's so many things to learn. I don't think you know all aspects of a religion ever. That's why it's a lifelong study. However, I mean, I could sit and talk at length about how I think it benefits a society, how I believe Islamic societies function and religion in general and religion in general. And I could talk about how what I find appealing about the Islamic religion. I could talk about all of those things, but that's not actually anything to do with my own personal decision. My personal decision was how I felt. I was atheistic. Then I understood there must be a God. I don't think I ever truly became Christian. I was just living in a Christian country and was born in a Christian country. And now you're truly And then I decided to do some research and study and I found Islam. That's that's the answer. And and last question on that front or pretty much last question. uh for this chat is um the whole concept of assimilation. I know Elon and others talk about it a lot. Something that fascinates me but scares me. Is that something you think is a possibility as well? Assimulation. Simulation. We live in a simulation. Oh no. I I'm I'm well that counteracts Islam, but I I like to say simulation because some of the coincidences that happen in life, don't you think are just so ridiculously unlikely? Do you ever feel like you're in a simulation? Do you ever just see something see a coincidence and it's just so unlikely to happen? I can think of at least 500 scenarios in my life where something's happened and I say we must live in a simulation. There's no way this just happened by accident. But yeah, I mean perhaps that's the best way to look at life. I think that whatever mindset you adopt, especially as a man, it should be the mindset that allows you to be as competitive as possible. I think that being competitive in all realms is how you're going to ensure you'll always be okay. Whether you're in a cage fight or you're in a dystopian afterworld because of a nuclear war or you're in a business meeting or you're in jail or you're on a sports team, whatever, you need to be as competitive as possible. And I think that sometimes believing you're in a simulation allows you to have a very competitive edge over your opponents to understand that it's going to work out in the end. I'm going to win. I may not understand the path there. It may get tricky at some points, but in this simulation, in the end, I win the game. Even if it looks like I lost. Even if I get found guilty, in the end, I still win because I come out of jail and I'm still famous and rich and my enemies are still nobodyies. I still win. So, if you approach life that way, it gives you a degree of confidence that allows you to take the brave choice. So, when I say the simulation, I believe in this version of reality, whatever you want to call it. I will end up with my 50 sons one way or another. They will be on the UFC roster. Tate, take T take one way or another. And whatever it takes for me to get there doesn't actually really matter that much. Andrew, I'm not surprised that that was a fascinating discussion. I knew it would be, but I'm also pretty fascinated to see where this goes as well over the next few years. And good luck with what you're dealing with, man. Thank you, sir. Appreciate it, man. Thank you.