 This is a really good video. Sleepy Tristan, Taman and nap is bed. I don't sleep on jet, so I probably should have passed the time. I try to say grounded in reality and realistic, man. The fact that this flight costs more than the house I've walked in. Is something I can ponder for 10 hours. I don't need to sleep. I'm going to think about not going to have a cigar. It's like a smoke in my plane. And I'm going to think about the fact that I walked in a house that costs less than this 9 hour flight. And when I paint for this flight, I didn't even know this changed my bank in the evening. That's worth consideration. To think about these things. This is where the motivation comes from. This is where the dedication comes from. This is where the fire in your heart comes from. I don't want to go back. I have to go forward. I have to go onward. This is why I don't mind how much money you make. You always need more. So as Tristan has this little fucking nap, I'm going to sit here and think about how my life has changed. How crazy the story has been. The movie of my life would be incredible. Growing up in Gary, Indiana, then we moved to Gosha, which wasn't a bad place. It was a bit nicer than when I was 9 or 10. We got dumped into Lovin, the worst town in England. Professional fighter. Try to 100 different ways to make money. Try to get an all-overal drink into fucking Tesco, you name it. I've tried weight loss websites. I tried everything with the internet with brand new. Fall made some money. Did the webcam stuff? Started podcasting. When COVID started, started fighting the matrix. Talking the truth. Take confidential. A thousand love stories. Jail. House arrest. Coming the most famous fan in the world. Every time I've plain lands, the largest news outlets on the planet are waiting for me. People talk about me all day, every day on every platform. There are posts being written right now about me on Facebook, on Twitter, on internet, on Instagram, Mainstream News, to Guardian, BBC, Andriottay, Andriottay. I'm the main character. The main character of life, why? Well, I was just brave. And I said when I fucking thought, and they said you're gonna pay for that, and I said I don't care. Bravery. I didn't, I wasn't brave behind an ad on account. I wasn't brave in private. It knows. I'm Andriottay, and I think women can't fucking drive. I said it. And God has rewarded me for that. And now I want to fly across the Atlantic, which causes more than the house I fucking grew up in. I was on house arrest a few weeks ago. Imagine that. Bugatti's an a mansion in Dubai, all of a sudden you're in a Romanian dungeon, then you're on house arrest for three years, then you're on a jet across the Atlantic, you're in a mansion in Miami. You go to Vegas, power slap, you have C, go to LA, then Beverly Hills Hotel. You go to New York, you sign a deal for $11 million. Back to Miami for four hours till you have another meeting. Back on this jet across the Atlantic to Romania. Why ex-life design a piece of paper? I've spent it 200 grand to fly to Romania to sign a piece of papers and taking two minutes. Why? Because I'm going to prove myself innocent in court. I'm going to run. I'm going to prove I was innocent all along. I am living a James Bond fucking movie. You have to watch the movie and get to indulge and pretend you're James Bond, but for you drive home to your meter house and your average fucking wife, I get to be him. Why? Because I'm prepared to lose and I'm prepared to suffer so that I can win. That's what I think about when I'm on a private jet. So I don't have time to sleep. That's why I don't sleep on planes. I ponderm it. I think about these things. What's interesting is, 38 you could argue is old, you could also argue is pretty fucking young. If they don't pull it in my head, imagine we're going to be a 48. How many countries will I be in charge of a 58? I'll probably start some kind of new alliance, a conglomerate, like NATO or EU, but it's called TATIST stand. And I'll have six or seven of the most based countries on the fucking planet. I haven't even begun with my conquest. They locked me in my house for three years to try and spiteful my progress. And truthfully, the beauty and the magic of my monumental capabilities. And flawless bravery. Have you had to be realized by the universe of the population? So much more is coming. You know? I used to have earned 200 pounds a week. The cigar calls for more than that. And I literally set it on fire. But when I think about all of that, with my fruit basket, and my three beautiful air hostesses would bring me anything I want, even though I haven't slept in days, because I've been busy flying all over America, being one of the most important men on the planet, I don't really feel like sleeping. I feel like I'm energized. You know? I'm motivated and energized. And it's amazing to me. It is fucking amazing to me that most men don't want the same. You're sick to the average man. The matrix is going to attack you. They're going to try and lock you up. You're going to suffer in jail. You're going to go through house arrest. They're going to send you an aid. They're going to put you all over the news. People are going to lie about you. They're going to have stress. You're going to have problems. But you will matter. You will be the main character of Earth. You won't have to be the guy who's in the restaurant on a Wednesday, because it's a good place to get a table. You'll be known globally. You'll be so fucking famous. You don't have to go anywhere. You can sit in your house and people will do it. All you have to do is suffer a little bit. Guess what people will say? Well, I don't want to suffer. And they'll run away. That's why I'm winning in their losing. That's what I think about when James. That every single bad thing that has ever happened to me, ever was totally worth it. All of it. And every bad thing that's coming next is worth it. If I do 10 years in jail is worth it, because guess what I'll be doing when I get out after 10 years? I'll be smoking on a fucking thousand Euro cigar on a 200,000 Euro private jet. To wherever the fuck I want, to see whichever one of my wives I decide to see, sitting at home and a mansion with a Bentley and my children. I win. I win. I win. I win.