 churren candidate joe biden was the ultimate mn churren candidate because he had the middle infirmity needed for the people behind the scenes getting their palms greased et cetera to do the bidding essentially of the communist chinese party here is john salamon because uh... the f b i covered up meaning they were willing participants meaning they all should be tried for treason intelligence was strong enough to send out to all of the intelligence agencies and a few days later it was called back on the auspices that they wanted to re-interview the uh... source now the source was re-interviewed the second time stuck to a story in the meantime the customs and border patrol border protection agency intercepted twenty thousand of these fake drivers i think it's essentially corroborating the intelligence but the biden administration the chris ray f b i they simply covered this up and for five years we were kept in the dark until the intelligence document was sent last night to chuck grassy from cash per tell just when you think it can't get any more corrupt more evil more treasonous it does i've got more on this more evidence mike bens and then how they used the instruments of government to censor us from telling the truth let's take a break and come back this is the rob carcin show and and okay we are running a car drive right now to help veterans all and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and that was the Soviet Union. I told you it was. I told you it was when it was happening in real time. I got taken off of Facebook. I could never monetize Facebook. I still can't monetize YouTube. YouTube is still censoring us. YouTube is still censoring us. Here is Mike Benz. Everybody in the deep state new China was involved in stealing the election. That was the triggering tweet to set up this entire censorship operation while DHS had inside classified knowledge that that is exactly what was going down and that Donald Trump was in fact correct because as China was backing the entire Biden foreign policy establishment literally and monetarily the idea that China would be exploiting this would be a massive massive, massive scandal especially on the heels of russia gate. People need to go uh be lined up against the wall. You can't say that. Oh yeah I can. Why did they fly his by balloon over our military installations for a week and Joe Biden didn't know nothing about it because he was pot and paid for but he wasn't the only one button paid for. So obviously the first family itself was taking millions of dollars from China. The Biden first family through Hunter Biden and China's the ESC energy. China's the ESC energy was taking five to ten million dollars in consulting fees from Chinese energy firms as the Hunter Biden was flying on Air Force one to China with vice president Biden. And he left without secret service cover. Hunter was allowed to cover these deals with Chinese leaders in the dark in order to secure those deals. Biden's CIA director Bill Burns took millions of dollars from they needed to get Joe Biden in office. China when he was the head of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace for seven years before becoming CIA director taking CCP members and putting them on Carnegie's board as well as forming a joint Carnegie China center so that they could cooperate more closely. Tony Blinken the secretary of state was the managing director of the Penn Biden Center which took millions of dollars from China so all the way up and down the entire foreign policy establishment of the Biden administration from the White House to the CIA to the State Department you had millions of dollars being chews by the Chinese government the entire time. They bought everything. The Chinese Communist Party bought everything and we had people who sold it to them. One more bite from Mike Ben the massive biggest election censorship of an in human history which was DHS Sissas censorship of the 2020 election specifically to stop election misinformation which was all run out of a group that Chris Krebs formed called the countering foreign influence task force which you would think would have been the exact task force at DHS set up to stop something like this and set up to be responsive to something like this when in fact you did the exact opposite. Yeah and you couldn't say anything about the virus being from China you couldn't say that it was man made and we paid for it you couldn't say that the election was was absolutely unfair you still have idiots on television who who laugh in your face and say the election was fine because they've been brainwashed or they've been paid off one of the other I swear to God in heaven this is not going anywhere it hasn't gone anywhere for as long as I've been on the air and by God in heaven people need to be they need to pay for this with their freedom for life. Let's take her back and come back Tony Shaper to talk about Iran and Islal and us on the way don't go anywhere. Hey guys if you've ever searched for your name or address on google a shocking define how many results have your personal information and it's not by chance data brokers and people search sites collect your personal information your name address phone number financial information income and hundreds of other records they sell it and share it publicly without your consent but in cogney is here to put it into that you don't need to email anyone fill out forms or jump through hoops they handle the entire process for you it hunts down these unethical sites gets your info removed from the places that expose your private information in cogney also continuously monitors if your data is put back onto these databases requesting repeated removals this way keeping them off it forever so you get way less calls spam emails and you get peace of mind and best of all you can cancel anytime and they offer a 30 day money back guarantee so you can get it completely risk free right now you can get 60% off of an annual plan by going to incogni.com and use the promo code Carson that's i n c o g n i dot com slash Carson and use the code Carson to check out to get 60% off and protect your data for an entire year incogni dot com slash Carson you trump and e-lon trump and e-lon on each other's neck they have their heel on wish that they would make up how i hate to see them break up try try try to understand it so much confusion does this mean their partnership has come to a conclusion trump and musk trump and musk they've been feuding from the dawn till dusk wish this could be mend in i hate to see don't want to see i hate to see their friendship ended um ten walls is a lefty who's ruined his state now what's our children to self-mutile his policies are discussed in the moon and now he says schools have to include tapas and the boys room ten walls and come all up a couple of thos and everybody knows that livers want to ruin schools ten more out of cities to be burned by the LM criminals are leagles they can count on him his uniform tim lost his grace he really crossed the line the more that he placed tapas in the boys room tapas in the boys room tim walls is a comic come all i is to and everyone should know that damage that these two could do well they have a lot of cats and they're mostly damaged that's like bp heros they cry when they lose from their left wing views i wish they'd spare us they're cat ladies whoa whoa whoa they're cat ladies talking about some miserable ladies who have clearly lost their mind people are in trouble i hate you yeah got called out by jade vents when he happened chancy really nailed them there to them and no come all i and joe have really failed them they can't leave it don't have a child they can't leave it talking about some miserable ladies you israel is fighting their war and we are in fact supporting it and it's really protecting western civilization from a psychotic regime that wanted nuclear weapons and it was very very close to having them number two we have to allow israel to finish the job that that when it does as it does as it is in the midst of finishing this job and it's going to take a little bit it will allow the united states to fully shift to focusing on china there you know that is uh michael flan general flan who of course was uh politically assassinated by the by the administration but he's making a comeback talking about what's going on between israel and iran joining us i could not think of anybody better to be quite honest uh then tooni shavry lieutenant kernel of the us army retired uh the head of uh project sentinel 2020 trump campaign national security adviser as well uh also co-host of the glorious 250th anniversary of the army coverage on newsmax he joins us on the newsmax high line how you doing sir can doing well rob always great to join brother i i've been dying to talk to you about this i know what my gut tells me i know that i've seen desert storm desert shield uh afghanistan and rock i know i've seen people come back at caskets i've got relatives i've got friends who've come back you uh you know damaged psychologically and physically i've worked with so many and and a lot of that is because of iran and it's proxies and what they have been doing around the world and right now it looks like maybe we have iran on its heels thanks to israel what do you suppose needs to happen next and what do you suppose will happen well as you point out they have been responsible for acts of care and horror going back to the 80s to rattle ragan i know uh the the marine barracks yes i don't know that was them uh the shape charges going against our eight our humbys and uh other vehicles in iraq that was them yeah uh so uh and by the way i i actually took on the ir gc and afghanistan the ir gc so limonnie was actually funding much of the resistance uh to us in two thousand three two thousand foreign afghanistan so they they are uh truly evil and so fast forward to today uh there's uh three three groups uh rob you probably know they are you've got the tucker carlsons and yes and um mark livin you see him there mark uh well mark is on the other side but no you got tucker carlsons you've got uh uh commas mad tomas madzee uh that group you get you got uh i would put i'm in the middle it's like yeah i don't think we need to go war but we need to be doing things to help them that's that's what i say yeah and then you've got the levin's and uh bold vans and others saying let's you know uh and uh cruise uh that i don't have to catch on there but i know that um uh you got uh yeah yeah i the gram yeah of course of course he is always want to invade of course he that so there there are the other streets so i'm in the middle i think present from some of the middle too i i've seen people freaking out and you would not believe some of the people from our own network rob calling me say oh we're going to like no no no let the man let president drop do his job his job is to achieve victory how he does that uh is of his own accord but i think we can achieve what michael and just said without having to fire a shot i really do well yeah and and also we don't we we don't we Israel doesn't have boots on the ground we aren't gonna have boots and they haven't even lost an aircraft yet right yeah i think people are overreacting i think people are uh hyperventilating a little bit early just saying so yeah well you know uh israel is doing a very good job um weakening them dramatically uh killing their air defenses altogether uh wiping out the upper echelons of power to the right into the left of the aia tolla the aia tolla is unhiding Donald Trump said we know where you are we will kill you if we have to but we don't want to so you've got them on the ropes and i know this isn't going to be an immediately but they are on the ropes and they do not have a chance in sustaining uh this fight with israel and if you look at some of the things you say and you know i think every day that takes by that that underground nuclear uh facility is not taken out is the day they're closer to to doing something with uh maybe even taken out a tae ron in a suicide attack that's all i'm kind of worried about to be quite honest yeah let me bring up something it's uncomfortable but i need to say it so i know that people have been up in arms about tolcy gaver saying well they they weren't close and i'll say this i was uh the chief of army's clandestine a human intelligence spying program back in the early night he's believe it or not i was pretty young i was the youngest ever chief of it and uh rob we were working in an operation uh that indicated and was confirmed that the menorfe kareans had five working nuclear wet warheads during the quintany years and and guess what the policy was we we could not admit that that the policy was we were so off the you know this is a black operation we couldn't even acknowledge how we got the know i still can't acknowledge how we knew to this day all i'm saying is we had intelligence so we but we knew one thing behind the scene and we were saying something else publicly so i'm just saying present trump may know more than he's letting on this you gotta get the man and tolcy gaver some credit here we can't always say everything we know why is trump said why has trump said uh to uh to uh when you consider the surgical strikes of uh of israel why is Donald trump said to the people in tae ron to evacuate that that was that was to get that was to prove a point think about this yeah think about the fact that that that no matter what the leaders of i ran said they were going that these their citizens were going to lose to present trump make about the power rob so it's literally by his word alone they caused a panic well were we going to hit tae ron well we weren't but the israelis were and they did they were going after the launchers but just think of the power of of the x of the tweet or whatever it is and i once told a very senior officer the pentagon uh you must make a friend of present trump's tweeting because man oh man it has great power and and that that that alone reminded the ira tolas and the mola that uh hey uh we have the power to up in you guys we're being patient and i think that was a message by him saying well and and that is absolutely true and you also look at some of the measured responses he's adding the past which are more so than anybody else than anybody else that we've ever seen he's had major responses you recall the ron shooting down the drone when not only was the president last time and he said everybody wanted him to kill hundreds of iranians and you know go in all in and trump said no no no we don't need to do this we don't need to do this uh you know and and and also his real true compassion for those who've come back injured rather than George bush inviting them to go on a bike ride with their blown off limbs a Donald trump has said let's not do that anymore right and i think that's the thing trump knows real people and by the way uh what i see going on right now because you asked about kind of where we have to go with this next this is ronald reagan meets a a a effective new york city developer that's what it is i mean he he's a real estate guy who understands how to get things done and you put that with a reagan philosophy of of of of life of of of of defense of of strength through through power and power using power projection without having to use military force that's what's going on here so every time i see my friends and people with the network just calling me up saying well it's tonight tonight is like no it's a hit fake just just chill yeah but you know carl higby you're you're like your co-host on the coverage carl higby he had a brilliant i mean a brilliant and heart felt monologue about this i shared a bunch of it today and he said you've really got to think about this because you got to think about whether you want your kids going or whether you think it's worth you going to die possibly yeah and and i don't think we're going to get to that we're never going to need boots on the ground over there they they don't have they don't have the air defenses to take out anything we do and we have got i mean we've literally got like ten times the aircraft everybody else in the earth as in our air force so yeah go ahead i'm sorry no no finish finish finish what so they're going to say is within the context of of military power uh remember reagan won the cold war by never having to use that power he has that's like the implication of the power that does it so the fact that we have this massive air force and and and people know that he's willing to use it that is generally what has the effect remember this is all about the perception of the adversary not the reality and one of the first things we learned at spy school rob yes uh you manage perception you don't manage reality and that's what president Trump is doing well why i'm going to ask you a couple questions and i want to put you on the spot apparently the doomsday plan was was flown was moved yeah of course what's going on there well to have a threat be credible you must make it a credible threat so the fact that we had that thing up really showed it the fact that we had the result to do something okay to say that uh you know it if remember we could just turn the cold war too yeah there were things we did to walk right up to that line yeah and and and look at the enemy across the the table at us and not that so just saying yeah well that's what i was you know i don't think we have a possibility it would be very uh slight of a global thermonuclear war i don't think we're certainly there Russia has worn Trump against bombing iron in the aia tola of vows to as they vow to never surrender which is as signed their death onward as far as i'm concerned they are in no position to say we will never surrender because they're going to get their asses handed to him uh but uh Russia warned the united states about thinking about uh supporting israel attacks uh russia and foreign minister Sergei blah blah blah said on wednesday that direct us military assistance israel could radically destabilize the situation in the middle east um and uh warn israeli strikes on nuclear facilities and push the region millimeters away from a catastrophe i i don't see russia i don't think that their interests are that valuable with regard to supporting iran as they continue the conflict with ukraine they're in a weakened position right now in a number of fronts oh i think this is uh then saying what they have to publicly and doing something else completely different behind the things i do believe there's some big ol horse trading going on here uh rob i think there's i think there's a i think there's a mutual respect yeah between trump and uh and putin i really do and it's not this stupid you know love affair bull crap you know bromance nonsense they are two men who are uh you know i'm not i'm not giving respect to Vladimir putin in his methods but there is a mutual respect and understanding between the two of them about the power that they possess right last hot the car cold cold war ended with a two man of respect working together that's corbic heaven ragan right you know they were never like going to be bud they're never going to button drink you know together at a bar but they did respect each other and understood what was it's safe and by the way fast forward and now i don't think we i think we should be grateful that we have two uh the two superpowers with major nuclear weapons talking to each other yes yes remember under under the Biden administration nobody was talking to china which i was not with a bad idea since they have the most nuclear weapons on the planet just saying now yeah also now it's a funny Donald Trump in this brilliant brilliant quote he says i gave you 60 days and yeah and what did you do you gave you 60 days so they went ahead and they did this nonsense they didn't come to the table uh israel started hitting them now Donald Trump is said we're going to give you 24 to 48 hours to surrender and save yourself from america getting involved which means and what did they do they said we will never surrender so what's that mean it means we are going to provide israel with the munitions they need or we're going to do some sorties that's what it says to me yeah it's it's binary either they they surrender unconditionally like he said or there's going to be consequences that's it and so but by the way and this is why you know last night everybody expected because the uranium said they're going to do something big is like no they they have nothing to do big about no they have very little left and then i said in plus i think there is some level of internal dissent within the iran the iran the iran leadership someone to use that bella coastline which other are saying he may be the time we talk and i think that's what we're seeing right now this pause and i use that term a strategic pause on both sides for the next 24 hours i i think at this point you may not see anything happen until tomorrow at this point well you know we heard the mother of all battles from sadad who say you remember that that was a fart in the wind oh it was a fart in the wind but my only concern was if he says something that the world will not forget i thought maybe they would have the capability to assemble some sort of a weapon at that facility and maybe do a suicide attack on tarran that's i'm just thinking out loud you know i who knows with this nutmeg but generally what happens with these mullises they always are willing to send their other uh you know whatever to sacrifice themselves but they will escape so my ambassador angcouper one of my friends mentors he ran sdi under their regular administration uh he and and the team i work with believe that they probably have one or two weapons they do they probably do they even gotten from north korea yeah with that said rup what are you going to do with them you you've never been able to do the final research no and scientific work to and engineering to put them on a missile yeah so i would argue they're almost a liability at this point because what are you going to do with them yeah so the only thing they could do with him is what you said essentially put them on a truck put them on a private airplane put them on a pleasure craft and then do an asymmetric threat which by the way we have run scenarios in this area that's about like to say about it but we have it and and by the way moussaid didn't got to let that happen anyway right exactly so i i would argue that that pretty much uh most of the direction the Iranian leadership can go most of the chess players i know both the Israelis and the Americans have thought it's real you know this isn't Jake Sullivan no brother i can't understand that he this is a high school debate you know us we've got people actually know what they're doing you're right Tony man i got to tell you i i am every night praying from the bottom of my soul that the people of Iran will be free finally and and our brothers and sisters who have suffered so much around the world death and injury will finally put these bastards out of power i'm just praying i'm going to record you and i and and the team are going to be having drinks and six steaks a trump tower uh uh in in i ran and and to her on some day all right brother before i see this all going i hope so bro i know we will you're right i i said that iran and i even told my doctor said what rana is going to be free they are we're going to see this we're going to witness history we're going to see iran's burlin wall moment toney shaper thank you so much you are on of course uh sub stack tell everybody where you are uh not only there but also on twitter right about project sentinel dot com and of course you can touch that trick track me on x is always live thank you all right brother take care god bless and uh we'll talk again soon let's take a break this is the rob carcin show ah oh oppression Let's definitely, baby. Wow. Awesome. I'm not going to get a chance to go into this USA awarding an $800 million contract to a business operating out of Virginia, even though it formally ruled that it's key manager lacked honesty or integrity. Apparently, this guy, Walter Barnes, the third founder of a government contractor, Vistant, got an $800 million USA contract after he had pled guilty to a bribery scheme in which Barnes and two others conspired to pay someone $1 million in exchange for $544 million in contracts. I'm going to get into this more on the show tomorrow, but our treasury was looted to the tune of trillions of dollars. You know, Stacey Abrams got $2 billion for her little NGO. She made up to buy gas or to buy electric stoves for us, trailer parks in Georgia. She's going to pocket the rest and she's going to get all sorts of private jets and everything. They had $100 in the check and account. She got $2 billion. This is the biggest corruption in world history. Whether it be organized crime or country, I told you that the Democrat party and our federal government was the world's largest criminal organized crime family in history. And I had no idea. I mean, I always saw the Soviet Union was the ultimate ultimate ultimate. Our government, filthy rotten, stinking, filthy rotten corrupt hundreds of people, hundreds need to go to jail. Our money is about to be gotten back. This is why they're catawalling. This is why they're screeching at the top of their lungs. This is why they tried to burn down Tesla dealerships because they're trying to cover their filthy rotten ririons after assaulting us and robbing us for decades. Hell has to come to these people. Let's take a break and come back, shall we? This is the Rob Carson show. All righty. Who's online? I haven't a chance to really talk to you guys today over there on the Facebook, the live chat. We've had some silly people on there who shouldn't be on there like Amanda. We're adults here, Amanda. Okay, we're not here to play with. We need to get staying stupid, trolley things like that. What else we got here? Because you know, we have millions of people who are listening and watching and all of that so we don't need your non-stets. Over on the Rumbly Roo. I'm proud to be a Jew. How you doing? Good to see you. Good to see you. Jen Verhagin. Good to see you. Can't fix stupid. No kidding. Kevin Lamar, we talked about that person who was, you know, sued the company for putting a Chuck E. Doleater in her chair. And Kevlar says they're rehiring baby boomers and gen X with big salaries and benefit packages. People who have a desire to work, which is kind of cool. Kind of cool. Kevlar also says they're a portrait and Iranian government playing as touchdown in Oman. We will see. I think they're trying to, they're running, they're running out right now and I really, really think that I told you this. I think that the people of Oronic gonna be free and I really do think that there's going to be a chance that Cuba and Venezuela will see the same. I really do believe it, guys. I believe it. We're going to, you know, I told you we're not going to be able to recognize the profundity of Donald Trump's selection of what happened with the upsetting of the exposition of all of the corruption in our government. And also what we were exporting. We were exporting censorship. We were exporting, you know, upsetting the balance of powers and countries in favor of communism and socialism. We are, we became the evil empire. We became the evil empire. We did. We did. Donald Ronald Reagan said the Soviet Union is an evil empire. We became it. The left did it. And there were people on our side that took part in it too. How long have I got, Brian? You know, I was talking about the $800 million to the guy that they knew was a kind man from our federal government. You know, if you look at all of the things that our country has done that we know about now, thanks to Donald Trump having an election stolen from him, we know that billions, possibly trillions of dollars were looted from our, from our, you know, our currency and from our treasury. We know that we were exporting revolution in the favor of communism and socialism in places like Brazil and Venezuela. We know that that we were using the, the, the, the DOJ and the FBI to go after the opponents of Joe Biden. We became the evil empire. We became the evil empire that Donald, or that Ronald Reagan called the Soviet Union. We guys, us guys, we guys, we had the white hats, we wore the white hats. We became the evil empire thanks to the left and Joe Biden and his handlers. And we've got to fix up their mess and bring us back to greatness. God bless you guys. Have a glorious day. God bless the people of Iran, Israel. Donald Trump, this administration until tomorrow, which is Thursday, do not catch the stupid and pray for Iran and Israel. See you.