 I am a reminder of what is going to happen to every single man in the dystopian future which they are trying to build for us. I am a reminder of what they did to Trump, trial by media, endless allegations, some victim who he doesn't even remember the name and face of, and now the UK government is trying to silence me. They are accusing me of crimes which happened 15 years ago. They are not even telling me against who. 15 years ago you did something wrong. To who? Ah, we can't tell you. This is a setup. This is a political witch hunt which is why the members of parliament are openly calling for my decimation. Where is my chance of a fair trial when members of parliament are saying I deserve to go to jail without even seeing the evidence which has been put in front of a judge? This is a setup, head to toe. And what they are doing to me is the same thing they tried to do to Trump and it is the same thing they are going to do to every single one of you. Do not forget they tried to put a bullet in Trump's head. And now they want me gone. What they are doing to me is coming to every single man who wants to protect the sanctity of his child's mind. If you do not want your kids learning propaganda in school, they will destroy you. What they are doing to me is the same thing they will do to every single man who refuses to take a vaccine because Pfizer wants to make money even if it gives you turbo cancer. What they are doing to me, they will do to you. What they are doing to me is the same thing they will do to every single man who feels a patriotic love for his homeland. The homeland his ancestors built, fought and died for. What they are doing to me, they are going to do to you too. They may kill me first, but they are going to kill all of us. When I decided to take on this fight against the matrix, I understood the size and scope of the enemy. I knew exactly what they were going to try and do and I called them out publicly, repeatedly, in advance because their playbook is transparent. What they are trying to do to me is to silence me. They want me to disappear from the internet because I am afraid, but the problem that they have is that I can operate from a realm of fear. My entire life has been a fight. Since the second I was born, I was fighting against poverty before fighting in the ring and now I am fighting the matrix. I have never known peace. I have never had peace of mind. I have never known anything other than struggle. This is who I am. And when I was fighting the Romanian judicial system, which is questionable at best, I walked into court with my head held high. I did not run. I did not hide. I could have disappeared. I didn't do any of it. I walked in there against a questionable judicial system, fought them and won. And I will do the same against any judicial system that wants to bring charges against me. I will go to court. I will face the allegations and I will suffer throughout the process, irregardless of how stitched up, how rigged, how set up it is because I am not afraid of it. Because everybody knows this is a lie. The British government is saying I hurt someone 15 years ago, but they won't tell me who. Every single man watching this and every single woman watching this who has sons or a husband, imagine they said to you or your husband, 15 years ago you hurt somebody. Who won't tell you who? How can you defend yourself? At the same time the media is saying you are a bad person who belongs in jail. At the same time members of parliament say you belong in jail. Nobody even knows who this person is if they exist at all. I have been through this for four years so far. Four years of jail, house arrest, endless media slander. I have never even had a trial. My criminal record is still completely empty. I have never yet had a trial because their intention is not to bring evidence in front of a judge. My intention is to attach heinous allegations to my name so that people talk about the allegations instead of my ideas. They don't want people to say, and you take so smart things. They don't want big companies to use and rotate to push their products to children. They don't want me to affect political campaigns. They don't want me to help Trump or help for Raj or help anyone else. They want to say, ah, you can't use him even though he is a massive cultural force because we've accused him of something. This is a setup. And I'm telling the world that I am not afraid that I will go to court and irregardless of the outcome because I'm not afraid of the stichup. Irregardless. God knows the truth of my heart. And all of the men who are watching this who believe it will not happen to you. If you let them kill me and you let them kill Trump and you let them kill everyone else who stands up for what they believe in. If you believe these liars, if you believe these opportunistic women who have been promised money to lie, sooner or later they're going to kill you.