How do you inflict the perfect revenge? Depends on who though, doesn't it? I mean, I guess you have to analyze and tailor the revenge to your enemy's weak points. I mean, you can do a very general revenge, and the very general revenge we all know is just winning at life. Like, hating me must suck. Hating me must super suck. I've thought about this because if you want to be as formidable as possible, you have to analyze your own weaknesses. This is what you do, right? When I was fighting and I'd watch my fight back, what am I bad at? How could somebody beat me or exploit me? So, I've put myself in my enemy's head many times. And I've come to the conclusion that hating me must suck. It must suck because I've become the most Googled man on the planet and I have all this money. Top G, wherever I go, everyone loves me. And then the Matrix attack comes, but that makes me a hero. And then I'm locked in my house. Ah, he's locked up. But I don't lose relevancy. I'm still there. I never really go away. And then they're all coping. Ah, but he's going to go to jail forever. Now I'm in Dubai. I'm free. I could sit here in Dubai and just never leave and never go anywhere and be fine forever. Everybody knows that. So, hey Amy must really suck cuz I kind of just always win. And that's a pretty fantastic revenge in and of itself. You have to be careful with something like revenge, especially when you're doing it from a position where you're the superior to your enemy, which I always am. Because any energy I put into them in some regard is a flat is flattering. I can take if I put if I take time out of my day to upset somebody that's very flattering. I'm an extremely important person. My time is very valuable. So you mean flattering to them. Yeah, it's flattering to them. It upsets the natural order of the universe. The natural order of the universe is anon trolls don't speak to the most important men on the planet. I'm arguably one of the most influential men on the planet culturally. I people who who have not achieved fantastic things don't get to talk to me. You have to achieve amazing things. You have to build real estate empires or become the leader of a country. You have to do something amazing to talk to me. You don't get to be a jackass and talk to me or even interact with me. So for me to take revenge on most of the people who have some kind of problem with me would be ultra flattering. I mean I'll say to a lawyer, "Yeah, sue him. I'll do that. I mean, that's 4 seconds. They may have got 4 seconds out. Heat. Heat. N. [Music]